:	Hello Mr. Mrs. Ford.

:	All right. What's the problem. No problem. My name is Ray McCann. Sir I'm calling on behalf of spectrum for me Time Warner Cable on a recorded line. How are you today. Good. That's great to hear. My reason for calling today Mr. Ford was to inform you about some special offers for customers in your area. Before I do I just need to ask you a few questions to determine what offers will work best for you. I do currently to support you currently don't have any of our services here. Spectrum is that correct. That is correct. Okay great. Now I wanted to ask you Mr. Ford when it comes to your SO do you use services such as TV Internet or phone TV and internet.

:	I need a phone and I need high speed internet internet.

:	Okay okay great. And I'm glad now I just need to verify Are you a 16 megabyte. Oh well I got some better free for and I'm glad I reached you because you get an upgrade instantly. We would give you speeds from 100 to 300 megabits. OK. But now I'm just saying no whether you use it or not you still get it at the discount price for the triple play. OK. So I think you like that you get maximum of speed OK. But anyway I want to ask you Is it a basic package you're looking for just basic TV TV.

:	I need ESPN ESPN. What are your packages.

:	I need to settle on. OK.

:	So the basic package it's called on TV. It gives you over 125 channels. ESPN is in it. That's just expanded so you don't have to pay extra for it. OK. Just basic OK right. OK. And the Internet and the phone comes with free unlimited local lindis. Now how many people were you looking to connect for for. OK. Right. And here for you. Now would you be buying Wi-Fi with us or do you have your own router. Oh and the Wi-Fi Wi-Fi reading here. Triple Play Wi-Fi for TVs. OK. OK. Now the Regla Mr. Ford they base it off a three year pricing. We don't do any contracts. But that's how they set it up. Now the regular price for this which is the TV package the Internet phone all the equipment Wi-Fi is normally like 172. Ninety five however by you said No with me today I'm able to give it to you all for just 122 93. OK. That includes the Wi-Fi the TV the Internet the phone all the equipment you'll need you get a free install as well. OK with this. All right. They're waiving any type of setup charge. OK. Now a second year will go up slightly they still give you a saving that goes to 140 293. And then the third year it will go to his regular everyday low monthly price of one set. To 95. OK. The address I have for the service is to be installed at 34 20 West heritage Avenue in grand Schute Wisconsin 5 4 9 1 4. Is that correct.

:	Correct dangerous switch. You're too expensive you save for the 122 93. Well the average over three years.

:	Well no no no no I'm just saying I'm just saying Mr. Ford now I want to just let you know next year 142 the next year we're up to 172. Yeah that's now what I was saying to you Mr. Ford. They just based it off for three year pricing. OK. But they're gonna get this price to you. The 122 93 for a whole year. Now follow me a minute because we're no contract company. That doesn't mean that you would you would have to pay the 142 or the 170 to 95 because you're in charge of your account. So what that means is you can jump on another promotion at the end of the 12 months where you won't be paying the 142 93. Okay that's just how we set it up. Okay. So I didn't want you to get kind of nervous about that but that's just how we set it up. But you can always jump on other promotions because we don't do contracts you are in charge of your account from day one any time you don't like some you want to change some you want to jump on a different promotion you're able to do that. Okay.

:	So I just want to let you know that now what I have to do right now on a promotion promotional one time was you know as time Warner Time Warner twenty nine.

:	Oh yeah. Yeah.

:	Well I'm not surprised you jump you're going to be off for four months.

:	Well here's the thing I want to tell you Mr. Ford and I'm not surprised you say that but as I mentioned spectrum they took over time Warner OK so we're not the same company we just got a customers. So our whole price structure the way we do things is different our service is different. So I think you'll you'll be satisfied with us. And we also took over a major company called Brighthouse network. Are you familiar with them. In a nutshell right now spectrum is one of America's fastest growing when it comes to the Internet and phone. And I'll tell you why because I would say over 40 per cent of our customers are residual customers and it's for that reason alone because they're not locked in any type of contract. If at any time something like there's no hidden fees or attach you can cut this out at any time. Okay. So I just want to rest. Sure. I know you're going to be satisfied with our service. I've heard all that before. Well I'm just saying just give Yeah just give us a try you will not be disappointed. Okay. Like I said I'm giving you a free install wave in any type of charge. We normally charge a one time charge with that you're getting that waived as well. Okay. So go ahead Mr.. You were saying get me back in six months. What I'll do I got even one better for you Mr. Ford. Like I said I'm not trying to get her. I'm sorry.

:	And we'll see what the prices are.

:	Well Mr. for it like I said I'm going to give this to you for a whole year. OK I'm not putting any type of contract obligation whatsoever. OK. And I can give you all of these services the Internet. OK upgrade TV package packets the phone me tell you I tell you this.

:	Ah ok. I was you know in time warner when spectrum took over time Warner I still spectrum. OK. And it was just horrible service and the whole service but it was horrible the way they treated us raise the rates all the time.

:	So I just cut them off. So I'm not going back what Mr. for one of the things that I heard you say.

:	Number one are you saying about the pricing. Right. You had mentioned about the price and you told me from the beginning what you were interested in. Right. But but I'm just saying I understand and I do apologize sir. I know how frustrating that can be. But I would hate for you to miss out on the great promotion that we have. Like I said we've done a lot of training and I got a very good deal. I'm not going AT&T but I'm just. I'm just saying I'm just a four. I'm just saying it's a four. You might find out that our services that we can offer you is better where we can give you more variety. Like I say you're going to get way faster Internet. OK. We provide high definition at no additional cost. No AT&T does charge

:	. For high definition. We don't. So majority thinks that you are watching your household. You get the best picture quality at no additional cost you get if you use apps for any device in your home. You get apps where you can watch live TV on any device in your home. You don't need any DVR.

:	We have what is called Video on Demand where if you want to watch a good movie show trial something new. You can do that you get instant access to over 10000 selections. OK at no additional cost that's included. We also give you a streaming service now. Which is free if you are familiar with Netflix or Hulu or Amazon or those you may use. That's free. They give you 3000 additional titles plus live events sports things like that. That's all included within this package. So they give you quite a bit.

:	What's the Web site going to say look you know we have.

:	It's called Spectrum com. Yes sir. Yes sir.

:	I go on a Web site I'm going to check it out.

:	OK. Will you buy a computer right now. It is just the kind of stamp that you can go ahead and navigate switch.

:	OK. Not a problem. All right Mr. forwell on behalf of spectrum sir I would like to thank you for taking the time to speak with me if you have any additional questions. Give us a call. All in a 5 5 7 5 7 7 3 2 8. Thank you. Bye. Thank you sir.
