:	Hello. Hello. Hi my name is Alexis. And I'm calling on a recorded line on the behalf of spectrum. How are you. OK that's good. Right now spectrum is reaching out to residents in our service area to see if we could provide a better value and price of service in the home. Do you currently have any cable internet internet or home phone services. We have three. OK. Now is it through Time Warner spectrum. Yes. Right now I do apologize for the inconvenience sir you must of got mixed up on the wrong list but I'll go ahead and put that you currently already have our service.

:	Okay yeah but if you could give me a is calling calling the overcharging. So we'd like to make my mom pay. I don't accept the promotional plan. Like going through it was more to say well then figure out what we expect from the promotional and for some reason a hopped up to. So we pay half that like the regular price was like 150 135 and we're like What the hell. If the buy is like 50 bucks and then the ticker doesn't add matter.

:	Right now unfortunately from this promotional floor I'm not able to give you a better deal than what you already are receiving but you could contact customer service to see if they have an offer for you.

:	They're most likely in the works from tonight.

:	Yeah I could give you that number if you have a pen and paper available. Then we get to people who. Can

:	. Only when we like the service place.

:	Right. And we have we have different services to like if she's like maybe like senior citizens she could probably get a discount and we have low income services available to our customers so that's just like something that she could bring up to them to see if they can work something out for you. Well it's pretty far. Yeah. I'm not sure when the senior discount actually starts but I will just bring it up to them to see if they can give it to her. OK. The number is 8 0 0 8 9 2 4 3 5 7.

:	Ok I got it right. I appreciate your time sir you have a great day. Thank you. Thank you.
