:	Hi. Can I please speak with a Mr. or Ms. Mendenhall This is her. Hi my name is Amber and calling on behalf of Spectrum How are you doing today. OK good. Before I continue I just need to let you know this call may be monitored or recorded for quality purposes. We are calling today to let you know that you have been selected to receive an exclusive limited time offer only available to a select few customers in your area. My records show that you don't have any of our services is that correct ma'am.

:	No I have my own cable or Rooth telephone and internet. Who do you go through DirecTV. Send your link.

:	Okay and how much does your DirecTV usually run you monthly.

:	Two hundred. Wow. Is that just for cable and phone. And telephone Internet and cable.

:	Okay so that's for all three of them. Yeah. Okay what channels do you get with DirecTV. You have any premium channels or anything HBO.

:	No I didn't sign up for that though.

:	So do you enjoy watching movies now. Okay so the reason you want a contract with DirecTV. Yes. Okay so the reason. One moment please. So the reason for my call today is you know we were just calling to talk to you about some of the new packages that we have available. Now I know that for a fact with even our highest cable package with phone and internet you'd be saving quite a bit of money monthly. Do you know how much exactly you pay or roughly. Just right around the 200 area is between 2 17 and to 40 some and all depends on how and you don't get any of the premium channels with that. No I don't want the premium can I. Of course. Okay give me one moment here. Do you mind holding just one second. Okay so with our Select TV package thank you for holding. By the way which is are kind of like basic cable you know you get your basic stuff that package itself comes with Internet with a phone. And for the first year it's only seventy five dollars a month and then the second year it's only 90. And then the third year it's 100. So if you were to switch over with us you'd be saving roughly around a hundred to a hundred and forty dollars a month. After three years and before the three the first year you're saving way more than that you're saving almost 200 dollars or no I'm sorry about 150 from around there.

:	You got ahead of myself there. I do apologize. Are you there. And I do know that we're in rows. I'm sorry.

:	Can I ask why you wouldn't be interested in saving 100 to 150 dollars a month.
