:	Hello. Hi. My name is Stephanie flambe Kyne on behalf of Spectrem on a recorded line. How are you.

:	I'm doing fine.

:	That's great to hear sir. Right now we're calling with some fantastic promotional offers to get you started with spectrum. We'd love to give you a better value for your money. But my record shows that you're not using spectrum in your home currently.

:	Correct. That's correct. I migrated from you guys around December thinker maybe your morning or maybe November out or somewhere in there.

:	Is it just because it got too expensive or what happened to me or overpriced euro.

:	Well overpriced I sold computers do a lot of things I can recommend you guys to somebody else and it became necessary to use somebody else. I just. See no way. I've worked with some of your people over to the local store here and I haven't figured out a way that I can do business with you. It's just that simple.

:	Wow. I will go ahead and note that I apologize for any inconvenience and any bad case of marketing.

:	When we were on the old before spectrum we were Time Warner we were Time Warner why it was a we had different billing we had different different things and basically what it comes down to is that the market is there. Kansas City right outside of Kansas City and we've got Google on one site. One part of town and they're not really moving the needle that much. And AT&T is out there was tremendous offers and not necessarily the best but the price was why their hands were fierce. Right now

:	. I want to let you about it and that's that's what I want to let you know I sold AT&T verse for a long time. They're really good company as well. Just know when your promotional pricing is going to go up go away and your price is going to go up. Mr. Young but I wanted to share with you one more time before I let you off the phone. Just a quick comparison. So like Time Warner they charged a broadcasting fee to get your local programming which was 375 and the sports programming which was five dollars. That was a total of eight dollars and seventy five cents. And spectrum we don't charge those services. And then for one digital receiver what Time Warner. It was 11 ninety five. And with one receiver through spectrum it's five ninety nine.

:	And if you were using a DVR service there was twenty five dollars and ours is ten dollars and they were charging for the modem for their Internet and ours was included with the pricing and their TV started at 20 plus channels and it was expensive. Spectrum you would get over 125. But just know that if you're not happy with AT&T in a couple months we can always buy you out of that contract and give you the spectrum pricing that you deserve.

:	OK. Well I tell people that the reason I want to keep you on the phone here is that I talk to people all the time about what different deals are out there. I have I have customers are on spectrum. I have people on AT&T people on a lot of people on Brize and all kinds of things. And so I like to keep up with exactly what the rates are on all those kinds of things. And like I said I know somebody one of the local stores that I talked to quite frequently. Spectrum employee so that's another source of mine. So my information and I do appreciate you go tell me about this goes it's always a challenge. Technology has big challenges ahead and it is.

:	And Mr. Young I wanted to let you know too that spectrum because we grown so big 30 second largest cable provider on top of that they're number one.

:	But what spectrum you can get our TV app. So like if you ever have like a smart TV yes if you have grandkids are any of those type of things that you can put any app on like Netflix Hulu you can put spectrum TV app on those TVs if there's a gaming console and you would still be able to enjoy over a hundred and twenty five local programming as well as like your ESPN ABC family plus the video on demand. It basically turns that TV in total wireless receiver so you're not going to need a receiver in every room just the main room are the bedroom depending on how many TVs you're using. And you would still have a TV throughout the whole TV with that app. And that's a lot of the technology for the Internet TV and home phone. Through all three services with one TV before taxes you would be looking about 95 97 OK. Yeah.

:	Call me a call. Oh yeah I have Comcast.

:	I use that a lot. I have my Netflix and Hulu. I work a lot so I only have internet in my home. I have a old smartphone TV so what if your Chrome Cast Away. If you were to put the spectrum app on your smartphone and then you can look up the channels and then since you know how to use the Chromecast to get it on your TV you wouldn't need a receiver in that living room or wherever your Chromecast is out because you would get the live programming. And I know AT&T don't offer that and I know they don't offer a lot of channels so just think about that.

:	Well the next time you think about the spectrum as Wildhorn I just got this whole sense that I was there when I got the call Gaskill or a little more about it. So right now Comcast looks like it worked for a while as we go see my back and the TV Well you told me that you also put the coal gas in your record. Well

:	. Yeah. So you could do a lot of devices. So if you have like set up on your TV all you have to do is unplug that TV on the back of the HDMI cable and then you can go put

:	. On any TV in the house. And as long as whatever's on your phone that you're using the Chromecast are your tabouli are whatever your streaming if it's YouTube it would work on every single TV. So that's like the great feature. So with spectrum say you have your living room you want a high definition because you're going to need at least one receiver. You would need it in the mainframe room and then throughout the day if you have your Chromecast you can just put it on any TV and still access live TV. And that's what I do because I have four kids so I have to Chromecast them we have an extra box so we have everything all over everything and I have like Netflix and Hulu apps on those. And that's how we watch TV but yeah there's a lot of affordable ways and time warner didn't offer the services and that's why you went to another provider. But now that spectrum took over I want to let you know that it is a better quality than what you were receiving. And I know that you're frustrated because you went back and forth but just think about that when your rate goes up with AT&T because it will go up within like six to seven months. Watch.

:	Well like I said I don't know about Chromecast because this is this new thing. We said that this was more like elevators before. Right now I've got Luli with me saying it was to one way or another. I guess that's why I'm still employed and that's fine.

:	You can make those decisions and just know that if you're in a contract with whatever provider you're with and whoever you went with we cover up to 500 dollar contract buyout. So if they raise their rates in six months and you're not happy. Spectrum is a non contracted company so you could have us buy out your contract. Stay with us for nine months and then if you move you can change your level of service at any time because you're in control and you manage your account but once you're on a promotion and the promotions roll over we will give you three year pricing for everything. And the third year of pricing would be our forever rate. So as long as you never made no changes that's what your bill would always be versus Time Warner where they kept tacking on the charges but with spectrum if you didn't want to keep the services in three years you're not obligated to do that as well.

:	Okay well like I said I'm always glad about what you're all doing because I hear like I said about half of my customers are on the bottom or something like that we're on something else. You know one time I even had one person that was on the network that we had a great network. Basically you know if that's about the only or. It is not. We still have markets out here with outside the town where I live here that we're still people that only have a regular landline type. That's all they can get left. The only other thing that's in that market now cell towers that got me. We've had local providers it gets gets the edge some of it. But there are still those still very in the market around. Well here we have some rural were either. Either way you guys don't go with Bactrim but what they're picking up on that in some cases is high speed towers which I find interesting.

:	Yeah.

:	So that they were pleased with the Wi-Fi sort of the way the technology is coming now.

:	I wouldn't be surprised in the long run if our cars are flying by the time 2000 and comes around. Now just because of the way everything is like we gave away a chrome cast here at work before too. So we totally understand the technology.

:	But my boss literally has a crockpot that has a Wi-Fi standing on it so he can stop it when he's at work. It's crazy crockpot. Crockpot what are the odds of that.

:	Well we'll all remember that.

:	Well the hope it was great talking to Mr. Young. If you do ever have any questions regarding my car any spectrum services the number is 8 5 5 7 5 7 7 3 2 8 and have a good day okay.

:	Well thank you. You're welcome.
