:	Hello. Hi Ma'am this is just seapower calling on we have a spectrum on a recorded line. How are you today. Fine that's good to hear. Before I continue I do need to just say this CALL MAYBE RECORDED OR MONITORED FOR QUALITY purposes.

:	I just played Popiel last night. So you already have spectrum internet in the home and this is about it for 14 99.

:	Oh yeah but I'm about to get rid of it though because I have firestick tumah is 160 dollars. I have one box. I have one. You know. And on TV. And this is me watching me and I'm paying 160 bucks a month.

:	That's. That is me. Yes I have. I did have the bond. I was saying I was paying you know how you getting a promotion or whatever but then it went from. 9 9 9 to 1 30 to 1 and now was 160 every month and I'm the only one and I'll be at work all day. I probably only watch to watch TV probably four hours in a day when I get home from work and I'm sleep. Got to get up at five thirty in the morning so you know what even though you even have it I don't think I have the fires taking the firestick is awesome because I'm to cable channels with not a problem.

:	Do you have a question beside disposition. That's right. So you already have a triple play with all of our services. Her act.

:	OK hold the phone I have the internet is 17 just by itself I can't believe that they make making the people that are we have cable. If they just want internet is 70 bucks when new people are paying 40 49 over the Internet for fourteen ninety nine right now that's what this call was about the Internet for 14 99 and it would be how many gigabytes and how fast is forced on them.

:	Now there there's no cap on it and it is there. It is 30 mag Internet. But if you pay an additional 20 because it's nontaxable if you want like 300 speed it's still only an additional 20 on top. Fourteen thirty four dollars.

:	Even if you wanted to leave for the fast does that sound real good but say for instance I just became an Internet customer. I'm already. I've been smoking. Maybe it was time Warner of course our the time. Time Warner we bought Time Warner. So supposedly I still had Time Warner's plan. So they say I don't know. The deal does with sky high.

:	You know after so many months after spectrum took over time warner so I really just meet Internet fueled because I'm an existing customer though. I mean you know I don't know you know the rules about what they're telling me in the store when I walk in there because I'm an existing customer that I was going to have to pay 70 bucks a month for just internet. And I'm like Are you for real. Yeah I mean I'm sorry there's nothing to do. Only if you've never had it before or you were just getting just just internet for the very first time. Yeah. Those people who are only paying 50 50 dollars are for Internet right now. It's going to go up after a year or so. Well my boyfriend said he got to use for two years.

:	Right now are 49 nine internets for two years. And actually that's pricing it stays forever because regular re for use 14 for 99 40 99 if that's what you're looking just to get. I could send you down to the verifier and they would be able to actually get that internat for that price especially if you were just an existing Time Warner customer. That may mean that you will do you are eligible to switch over to the spectrum which does the same service. You

:	. Can do is send you down to them and they would be able to tell you a little bit more info and if they are able to get it for you that cheap they will go out and get it.

:	OK. Well I haven't yet. I you going to go today and return my cable box. I paid the bill last night but it's already in a news cycle. But I know that Bill says I just have to pay for whatever that I've used into the cycle. So today I was going in and taking the bank back because I don't really have a use for it. I'm getting the TV for the amount of hours that I'm able to watch TV.

:	Yeah and another thing is you may have a better chance on the Internet address because this is the promotional department so they are able to do more than the store actually does.

:	Oh OK. So they're able to do actually more than the store can do you say this is a promotional type of call this time. It may be that you know the department just give me just the internet at a price lowered is 70 dollars to the phone. Yes because I'm really sorry. I was going to take this cable box back before this week and just as we're a been with the lady told me when I was up there last night when I paid the bill a couple of weeks ago that I was going to have to pay 70 years for internet.

:	And I'm like wow. So that's why I didn't get rid of the cable because I said well the Fox has got to pay to pay seventy dollars. I might as well keep the other 80 bucks and just have the telephone and the cable. You cannot just build this 70 dollars 75 per cent and that is a lie.

:	Yeah I put you in here for the 40 99 internet. The way my system set up it's going to make you put the five dollar dollar router on there. But you already have at some point in the net you have the first say 1999 you just let them know you already have a router that way it's only 14 99 OK. OK. So I'm going to send you down to them. It'll take probably about a minute to pick up but somebody will be with you and they Duffly should be able to help you out. OK. OK thank you. He's on.
