:	Bovis Trosch

:	. Hello Mr. Ross hello. Does this sound like a male.

:	Oh I'm a no ma'am. You are very low I do apologize. I was calling today on behalf of spectrum on my screen it has a Kevin Ross have a correct number. OK. OK great. Great. Again my name is Ray McCants. I work for a spectrum for the Time Warner Cable and we were calling on the record my reason for calling. Today we introduce some new services and we have some great new offerings for customers in your area. I just wanted to just find out from you guys ask you a few questions to determine if this may be of interest to you.

:	I am Mrs. Foster you can. OK. Ms. Ross

:	. Okay Miss Ross Yes ma'am. Miss Ross Yes. If you're aware of spectrum we specialize in three lines of services which is cable TV internet and phone. We have some great promotions going on on all three of our services meaning that I can give you TV internet and phone started as low as eighty nine ninety seven with our internet. We offer speeds from Cixi all the way up to 100 megabits depending on what you excuse me miniaturised I'm sorry no matter depending on what you guys may use the Internet for we can grant you some really great Internet service and we have a basic TV package. We can also give that to you starting as low as 29 99 customers Basic Plus expanded popular cable network channels lifetime Hallmark discovery several news outlets from FOX to CNN Sports IF YOU GUYS LIKE YOUR HUSBAND Yeah. So at any rate we have a really great package. We'd love to get you guys started to try out our service. Is it something that may be of interest to you.

:	The only thing that concerns me about that from family members that have spectrum make about the Internet service that's going out. Currently I have AT&T and DirecTV in a bundle package with them and I am really pleased with the service the speed and all of that. But I'm talking about like when I visit family members and they talk about my internet is out on my internet. I don't want to enter any of that.

:	I can totally respect that Miss Ross. I can totally respect that. Now I will say this Miss Ross I will say this I am so surprised to hear that. And I'll tell you why. Because spectrum if they know anything you say Internet OK because no want to use fiber optics. I don't know if like you say your family member may have issues out there. You know if it was somewhere like I got Sevendust the only time you know they're really promp as far as coming out to make sure their services their customers are taken care of but when they come in and that I'm not tooting the horn. We second to none OK because we will use fiber optic lines or run off the east service whether it's the phone or the cable. It has its own separate and fiber optic because we use the newest technology. Okay so we know. I'm just surprised you said. I'm not saying that wasn't the issue but I'm pretty sure if they called they jumped right on net. Okay so once you get turned off from that and I was going to tell you right now that we're in the special where I can give you speech ranging from 100 to 300 megabits as part of a triple play offer you would get it as low as twenty nine thousand ninety nine percent. Now unlike direc and I'm just saying this because I speak to a lot of the customers I'll tell you number one they don't have the internet. They come back. AT&T is two separate companies. So with you had not been with them for a while they don't locked into a contract they. I'll give you a promotion but they all jacked up and they were you calling to complain about whatever the case may be you're going to be stuck and they're going to charge you 100 dollars to get out of your current contract specially if you got internet. You got phone services tied with a TV. That's how they get a lot of customers. We don't do contracts. You are in charge of your account from day one. Any time you don't like any party or service you can shut it down. No hidden fees or no no penalties or anything like that in fact I'll tell you we will buy out your current contract because we pay up to 500 dollars to get you out of your current contract. We send you a check in the mail to arrive within two to three weeks. You don't have to worry about going in between your provider. We are all that for you. I'm just saying I'm just saying. But I do want to ask you a question What makes you stay direct with direct.

:	Honestly because of their internet to have one of the highest fees I was okay and I heard you say what specialist fees were so differently. The Internet see that I'm just really fascinated with and have been fascinated with.

:	Okay so let me ask you this. OK go ahead Mr. Roth I'm sorry to interrupt. Go ahead.

:	All right. I was about to say I have you on speaker so my husband can hear you. OK. Man with a question or two he might.

:	Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. Hello. Hello Mr. Ruff. I'm doing fine sir. Yes sir. Any any questions I can answer for you. I don't have any. Okay. Yes sir. So I was speaking of course questions you might have heard because your wife you say you were on speaker. I'm not trying to get you guys to

:	. Think what you currently have. OK. That's not what I'm calling about. I was letting you guys know that we're offering services now in your area and we have some really great offers. You know

:	. I don't know if you guys are currently tied into a contract with your direct but I will tell you we have some. If you're looking as far as price if you're looking at the service reliability that's why I was kind of surprising your wife say about the Internet. Because we are known for our Internet. We provide great Internet service. We stand behind our product 100 percent. We are no contract company. We would like is just the opportunity to earn your trust. Okay. So like I was telling your wife we have a we have a package that we can offer you depending on what you guys like. I don't know if you currently have a basic package any premium channels. That's what I was going to ask you next. Miss Ross do you all care for any movie sports any favorite shows pretty much what do you enjoy watching when your direct on direct tv.

:	We don't have any movie channels. Okay. It's pretty much half the basic and maybe I think it's called a choice packet. OK. Like I don't know own TV channel you know they see things like that.

:	OK. OK. Yes ma'am. Well I will tell you Miss Ross we offer those same channels in those channels you mention. Those are just in our basic package. OK you don't have to buy any higher tier to do that. We provide high definition and no additional cost unlike other providers like satellite if you look and you'll be there charge you if you get high def they have an extra charge for that. We don't charge at all for that. We just kind of give you idea we have three level packages we have what is called a TV select. You get over her and 25 plus channels. OK. Depending on your area you might get up to 300. Those particular channels you get

:	. Certain channels like you mentioned bt you get the Hallmark Channel Lifetime Turner Classic Movie AMC channel Cooking Channel a weather channel if you have children grandchildren we have they not history. Well that's part of it. But it has Disney cartoon channels Animal Planet and National Geographic if you like sports ESPN stations. Another thing that our customers love if you all are movie goers we have what is called our video on demand service where it gives you instant access to over 10000 movie selections and choice selections. Plus we attach a pay per view. So if you can find the thing in a huge volume you can always order movies. If we don't have it majority of those movies as well. Fifteen hundred are in high definition. OK. And it's based off of any category that you're interested in. You don't even need a dvr so if it's your favorite show that you might have missed you can come back and watch an extra cumbias because we take you back up to 10 episodes that you're going to view. We also have apps that any device you all might use such as tablets laptops an iPad in your home. You can access live TV on any of those devices through our specking app called Spectrum TV app. And if you're on the go and you have a smartphone you can also access 60 live networks on the go as well. OK with that. And that's all part of our package. Plus if you using the streaming service Netflix Hulu. Any of those we offer a free streaming service called Epic's online.

:	It also airs 3000 Hollywood titles which includes comedy specials if you guys like comedy live music concerts and you can you also get that as well. OK. So like I said we have a lot of value within our package but we we just would love for you guys just to check it out try it out.

:	Like I said I can give you all three services. It includes if you do want to record and give the DVR as part of a promotion is you over 300 hours of recording space and I can give you wave any type of set of charge and I'm not going to lock you in a contract.

:	And I can buy out your current contract up to 500 dollars to get you guys currently out of the contract with your direct just for giving us the opportunity to earn your business.

:	Is there any way that is really challenging for me to make a decision based on. Absolutely. Absolutely. New information in writing and via e-mail that I can just kind of review and make it.

:	Well Matt well Miss Ross I'll do one better. I'll do one better because we get that a lot especially with spouses husband or wife at home and they can't make a split decision. But we're not asking for a set up today. OK. I'm not asking you to set up but I will tell you it is a limited time offer. OK. It's not something we give away every day. OK. Because there's a lot of value within our service and we stand by a 100 percent like I mentioned. Now if you do consider after you and your husband and you want to do your research. Absolutely. Go to our Web site which is Spectrem dot com. Now some of the things that I share with you as far as the promotion because I I work directly in the promotions department. You won't see that online. I mean you'll see our programming you can pull up our guide things like that. But a lot of little perks. You know I'm telling you guys about you won't see that but I'm authorized to give that. Now what I will tell you is number one they record our conversation is being recorded right now when our texts come out to your home. Say for as you guys decide OK we'll go with that we'll give it a try. When that tech comes out to. Your home to set up your services everything that we talked about is in writing. OK. Everything pricing everything I told you including this package you'll have that in writing and is will they also collect it because that's a different department from where I work because I was going to tell you we have what is called Our validation department that once I put the package together for you I'll send you over to another department where they jump on the line and they go over what I share with you. Pricing everything so everything is accurate. They also ask if you have an email address and they are responsible for sending that to you. So we do that it's just I just don't work in that department.

:	But what I will tell you is this what it sounds like I need to do is give like a preliminary commitment in order to get the information so that I can then review it.

:	Well you don't have to. OK go ahead. Go ahead Mr. Ross. No I asked the question. Okay okay. No you don't. When you say preliminary like I say I want to let you know we're not asking for a dime out of your pocket not a penny right.

:	No no no no I'm not asking. Let me be here. OK I can go to spectrum TV I can dot com and I can read all of that. What I want yes ma'am is what you verbally told me because you have a special authorization to discuss those promotions. However if I decide to give it a try. The record it when the technician comes out. Everything that we talked about is there in writing that someone in a different department can also let me know information they will send me an e-mail.

:	I absolutely miss Ross you're certainly right about that. You're certainly right.

:	I have to get some sort of commitment up front and then you know that information later today and review what I will review it to any of that. Does it sound like you're able to do that.

:	No no no I'm not saying that at all. Ms. Miss Ross you certainly we I encourage you to do that. I encourage you to do that. The only thing I will put an emphasis on Miss Ross is that I'm not I'm not trying to send a tech out

:	. To your home if you need a few days to do your research. Absolutely. Most people that's what they do. I'm just telling you as far as because I work in a promotions department right. And I was just saying some of the things that I'm sharing with you as far as some of the perks. OK. Now you'll see when you go on air you will see different packages. We have a TV select. That's one I'll tell you about based on what you told me I thought that that would work best for you. They have a next tier called TV silver. It has HBO Showtime and Cinemax in it and it has extended support package in that. OK. And then we have our TV go where it has all of the. Movie channels sports package it has what it's called Tier 1 which has like military if you like military program. All that's. Been there as well. OK so those are some of the things you'll see. You can also put your address in

:	. The channel lineup you'll see all this on a Web site. But what you will see is things like like I told you I can give you

:	. The pics online free the free install the free DVR along with all of this. I'm telling you about. That's what I can offer you along with the Internet upgrade where you can get speeds from one. 200 to 300 now. You will see on there that are internet packages but you will see that deal. I. Can offer you for as low as that 29 99 for you bundling with us getting. All through services. That's just my point. But what I wanted to do and I don't mean to just keep going on it can be. On the phone. But as I mentioned it is a limited time offer that I wasn't trying to set up today. If you need a few days do it but I would like to do so if you decide you guys want to. Do this they're not lock in that promotion for you. OK. The only thing. I wanted to do Miss Ross is get you over to my verification department. All they're going to do Miss Ross is just pretty much make sure I did my job. Go the prices I conducted which you are also tell you about some possible installation date. If you guys decide that you want to go forward with this because I got this locked in for you like I mentioned we're not sending nobody. To your home knocking on your door or saying hey miss Russ we're here to set you up. No we only come out. When you decide that if you decide decided you want to go through this process. So at this time you. Mind if I send you over to our validation department it only takes about. A minute Miss Ross to refer you over to England. I'm right on the

:	. Line.

:	I'll see what they're talking about. OK. Give me what you're telling me. Writing for me to review. Yes ma'am. Absolutely. You decline because what I want to really truly read over everything and not absolutely I'm fine with having conversations just mail this information like that. You know I listen I respect its rules in writing. Yes ma'am. Going to the Web site. In general what happens when you read about what the special is and what the OK versus someone continuing to talk to me about it because we have a conversation all day long all day. Absolutely. This information and you waste your time and wasted money. Absolutely. Little Miss Rose in a way and

:	. I'm glad you brought that up because I forgot to state some prices to you as well OK. Because I want to actually get to. This part which has been going on but how many. TVs are you using in your home.

:	You have three. Any

:	. Definition. Two of them are two of them.

:	OK. Did you all do any type of recording DVR at all. Yes. OK. How many DVRs are you currently using. You. Two. OK. Ready.

:	So I told you you get what I can give you want free to check out as part of promotion or use it as much as you like.

:	There's no obligation.

:	Do you know it. But after 12 months if you decide you want

:	. Keep it of course you've got to charge for that. So just say I'm just going. To. So this is. OK. So if you did three. He's OK. And I can give you like one of those. DVRs which is just a receiver. Same thing just recording thing. I'll include free. For you OK. I'm sure you'd say it's what we what we can do really quick.

:	Is just one life right now I have three. OK. OK. People can watch whatever that's being recorded if watched. Yes ma'am. That means they have to come to that one room that was recorded.

:	OK. OK. Yes ma'am. That is right that is right. Well think about it and I'm glad you mentioned that Miss Ross. Here's the thing I want to tell you like I say it is

:	. We give you one we give you 300 hours of recording face. OK. In high definition. To recording as well. Plus with our video on demand service. Right

:	. Now they tell you the truth. It acts as a DVR because what you miss is sitting there waiting on you as well. You can do the same thing what you. Do with a DVR. Stop rewind fast for live TV. You can do that with that. I'm just saying if you just. Pichler you want to record it like you say it's a whole series of things you might want to record like favorite shows or something I can

:	. See why you need the DVR. OK. And I can provide that for you. But if it's just something that you might miss it. If you work in your favorite show and you usually tape it you will need that you won't need that trust me you won't need it because our VDO. Demand works just like that and you don't need a box or anything like that to be able to record and watch in various parts of rooms.

:	That's all my point is. OK. So I want to get a prize. I want to show you what we what we can do and offered it

:	. To you. Ok so I could do two TVs. One DVR for

:	. You can see on TV and TV back. OK. OK. Here we go. I'm sorry I missed that. OK. All right. So the Regla

:	. Price they normally charge for this Misratah. This is all three services now. The phone number I want to take you to because I didn't get to cover that it. Was unlimited local and long distance DaLat. You can call Puerto Rico or Mexico Virgin Islands Canada all free.

:	Other countries outside of that they start their rates as low as 3 cents per minute. OK. All your local long distance free. We pay all the taxes and fees with our phone. OK. I want to tell you that is will it come for 18 Blackhall and features call forwarding speed dial and call

:	. For it and it has that enhance safety feature attached to the phone. So if you lost your cell phone it was a emergency. You get direct response to authority. You only have to speak. OK. So that comes. With it. You don't have to pay for it. That's that's also with our phone service. So with that being said there are regular price they normally charge for all of the services combined with the equipment is only 166 696. However by. You if you decide you want to go with us your price would only be 116 64 116 94 Ansari. A month. And that's what all services included with the equipment. The only charge that you would see be Ole Miss Ross and you can pick up your bill right now and see what I'm saying is true. The government charges you what is called a TV broadcast and charge whatever provider you go with. You cannot avoid that charge. We've got nothing to do. With that Dasa only other feed that you will see on everything else. I told you equipment feed Internet the phone taxes is already included in that price. And just that. Peregian

:	. Idea that price they charge you normally is like six thousand ninety nine. You say seven dollars. But that's only a charge you'll see on top of that 116 before everything. Else is already accounted for. OK. So what I'd like to do. Ms Rawson thank you so much you and your husband for your patience. Allow me to explain this

:	. To you. They wait and they don't show up on the phone like I say they just don't go over to prices at my job. And they'll tell you about some possible

:	. Election dates. And they will ask them I know you will they will send that over to your writing what we talked about pricing what comes in a

:	. Package. Because that's what they do. Right. So let me sing you over again Ms Ross. Thank you so much. I want to tell you I have a beautiful evening afternoon whatever time it is there in North Carolina because I'm in Colorado calling you.

:	But I just want to say you have a wonderful evening. OK. All right please help me.

:	Talk to.
