:	Hello. Please speak with Mrs. Bessey right. Hi Mr. strike.

:	My name is Tom Waltraud ma'am I'm calling on behalf of spectrum and before I get any further links you know the call may be recorded or monitored following the response. I'm calling today with a special offer and wanted to see if there's anything we can do for he would help you with our special Internet offer in your area high speed Internet for only nineteen ninety nine a month with the wireless router 60 megabits no installation charge no contract no wireless activation fee and that price would stay that price. It's not a promotional rate. Is that something that would help you out.

:	Well this is Glenn Yeah it is.

:	United views Oceania's you know honestly couldn't tell from her response. What about you sir. I mean it's just something would help you out or else they to hell.

:	Yeah I've been thinking about it. I live next door I've been thinking about it and want to sell me a deal that would stop and think.

:	Well this particular offer running is sort of like a community offer it's not necessarily specific to an individual. It depends on the area. It's designed to get Internet in areas where there's not enough internet connection or maybe you know children that are low income or maybe even a lot of retired individuals. Whereas if you took advantage of this there's no install charge no activation fee there's no contract there is as long as you keep it it'll stay 1999. I mean it's 60 megabits generally run 64 99.

:	I mean if it can help you how long will that 99 work here.

:	That's what I was trying to emphasize that doesn't go. It's not a six month it's not designed to be a promotion to get someone to sign up to internet. It's designed as a promotion to work with the city to help improve services in the area that we're able to offer them and which would be in that area right here in Burlington North Carolina 2 7 2 1 7.

:	That's where I live I live next door as a matter of fact.

:	Well you only take a look at your address and see if it was before 17 0 4 1 7 0 4 0 I'm sorry 17 18 appalled.

:	But it's the same otherwise North. North Carolina highway no on the right side of

:	. 62.

:	I remember I was 16 I think it took 62 once all the way to West Virginia up through the mountain before anybody Minish came out of Charlotte.

:	So the two are both ways there were almost New York. We're back in a day.

:	Well when I went through it it wasn't even completely paved all the way. There was a dog dotted line on a male back and I got married back in 1986.

:	It's been a while back it was a while back.

:	1710 when I get there pointing up which us.

:	Have you ever had our services here.

:	No. It's

:	. Crazy people here. There we go. Seventeen

:	. Sixty two.

:	You've been living here for over a year at this address there. I miss you. All right so it is service in your name sir. Glad you first. Glenn Guiliana.

:	All right.

:	Now this telephone I'm talking on this is not the number that you would from your account right by numbers 3 3 6 5 4 9 1 4 7 1 4 7 3 6 4 7 0 1 4 1 7 5 3 3 6 5 4 and 48 75.

:	OK. For teens it means.

:	I just want to make sure that it is services clear and what I'll do is I'll help someone pick up to confirm what I'm telling you. It may be me actually I'm a verifier but I'm actually put it in her lecture his answer.

:	If I could get your date of birth please in 2003 or 1953 best years of my life were in the 60s because nothing cost you think you didn't have anything no nickel bag of paying peanuts and a Coca-Cola in the whole Woods were my backyard. We are really good at Hamburg and I hauled hay all summer out of school and made enough money to buy guitars and everything I my own little cotton patch there in Tennessee.

:	I picked a bag of grapes everything else.

:	You know the worst thing to pick and I pick them all to grown out of the country and in Tennessee didn't have a lot of help. Honestly we're peas because you've been down so close to the ground all the time. You had to stay down and break your back. Your big blueberries. No I have a my wife has one and she's pretty strong. She's just crazy.

:	But then you pick a tree.

:	It takes you almost have to tree. You can only hope they're worth it.

:	I love those days of course but nowadays I feel lazy bear. I did when I was a child but it worked out stay in shape. You could eat dinner and then go out and play and had begun our mainly beans where I live anyway.

:	Do they get any better than the one they will go away.

:	No. Just make sure you get everything here and make sure that offers and.

:	Okay good. You are eligible for that offer in the area Eğlence and it would be with a router. You would need a wireless router or do you have your own. No I don't have one yet with a router. You're looking at a total of only 1999 and that price would stay that way we wouldn't need anything upfront from the bill at all. But as long as you keep it and I would keep it if I were you. Honestly I think it's the best deal in the nation period. If you'll hold here one second for me what I will do because someone has to pick up and hopefully it'll be me I am a verifier I just happened to grab the call him and put a few notes here and probably transfer you back to myself but it may go to someone else. If it does I just will make sure I get everything in there for you. There's. No

:	. That interest now so I don't have to put too much in there since just the difference of a house number.

:	But I will make sure nobody makes a mistake. I'm a smart highly sophisticated accounting and Mr. Glenn right Mr. Right. I put everything else in there your date of birth. No matter what I want need to get that. Or it may come right back to me if it does I'll be finished with you in no time flat but if you'll hold on a verifiers going to pick. They're going to make sure what I told you is correct. Put it together for reflag OK. Thank you sir. That said it probably come right back to me if it does I get it finished. OK. Here we go.
