:	Hello this is Sebastian Miller calling on behalf of spectrum on a recorded line Quoddy purposes how are you today. The day because we loved you some fantastic promotions to get you started with spectrum do you currently have a television provider.

:	Yes I have.

:	We have Turkey.

:	Are you in a contract with director right now.

:	DirecTV would AT&T Verizon and AT&T as well. Yeah it's with AT&T. We do. Okay.

:	Is that a contract. Okay. We do buy out contracts up to 500 dollars and the cheapest is four hundred and eighty dollars so we could definitely get you out of much around a month are you paying for those services. I'm

:	sure it's a lot to 200 200. That's a lot of money. Not really.

:	Okay so there you go. So how many TVs are you using and do you have DVR. The DVR recording boxes.

:	I have one. You have one of those Yeah we won't need a second one.

:	Okay. How many TVs do you have hooked up.

:	I have three hook up one one with a DVR and two Wergin I'm really worried but we don't know you know with me. All right so one TV does it support one that we all had. Well then just a little more money on this quote I give you

:	. I'm going to just put one DVR boxes on just to get a good price for you.

:	Now we just got it here OK.

:	I understand completely if you'd like us to give you a call back later on in the year that would be fine.

:	Plus Regis changeover leaves in September since September. This is Haiti Simlish.

:	OK. So that was May 17 2017.

:	OK well then so you're pretty satisfied with what you have right now.

:	Right.

:	Well what if I could tell you I could save you about 80 dollars a month.

:	But right now we just won't say we want to go through the hassle hassle would be even doing that because we didn't really want to do it completely.

:	Yeah.

:	Yeah I understand completely. So I do thank you for your time today. And if you have any questions or do you feel that in this offer feel free to call spectrum at a 5 5 7 5 7 7 3 2 and I hope you have a fantastic day right.

:	You have a blessed one. You too. Thank you.
