:	Hello my name is Carlos. All they call how the spectrum. How are you doing today. Good how are you. I'm doing well thank you. And I speak with Carmelo Dodig. OK. Well before I continue I do need to let you know that this call may be recorded or monitored for quality purposes. And right now we are just calling today with some fantastic promotional offers to help get people started with them and we would love to give you a better value for your money as my record show you don't have any inspection services in your home currently. Is that correct. Because you don't have any spectrum services currently is that correct. Oh very nice. Well do you have to use any internet cable in your house yet. Do you mind. Who do you go to for your cable. ROSEN Is that also for your internet as well. Yes. Oh I see. And how long have you been with them. A couple of months. Just a couple of months. Do they lock you in any sort of contracts or anything of that nature. Oh I see. Is there anything that you particularly like about them. Yes. And what is it that you like about them. Speas price and everything. Oh OK. Very nice. And if you don't mind me asking how much are you paying a month for your services.

:	Thirteen dollars with the text and everything.

:	Ok nice. Well here actually know we do offer contract buyouts so if you are locked in any sort of year or two year contract we can help get you out of that. And then today you know we are offering a great promotion with the cable and the Internet. If that's what you like your house then we can bundle both that cable and Internet with spectrum starting at 80 dollars a month and then also with spectrum we don't offer any contracts. So we will go ahead and buy out at your competitors contracted for.

:	The problem was rendered promotion expires. I mean there is a price ridiculously high. So I am not interested.

:	Well also the nice thing about factum is that we do lay out what exactly those charges will be for the next two years three years. So yes it may change after the first promotional rate to go up to the standard rate. But you're not locked in any contracts. So you know you're more than welcome to try it out for that first year their second year. And we're very confident in our in our services that you know you'll want to continue those services after it goes up to the standard rate which is never locked into any contract so we do tell you the spectrum before the end of the same vendor expires they the rate raise the price.

:	And then I called to give me a better deal they wouldn't wish to have good price and I'm not investing in Cicek.

:	Yes. Well even if we just took a look how much it would be for that second or third year right. Yes. You know as it shows you know depending on if you want any DVR services or anything it would only go up it would start out at the 84 98 for the first year and it will go up to this for the second year. It's the standard rate of 124. So that's why I feel it now. Why would I go with them than how much you know you say 131 132 113.

:	Yes there will be fees.

:	And you get all the DVR services with your cable TV or cable or internet and they have you on demand library for their cable services as well.

:	He has a very hands on them and then know if I have it or not you know.

:	Well that's included with our spectrum radio greenery. Yes well it is included in those spectrum services. So you get full access to those on demand features of the latest seasons and hottest movies and then like I said we don't lock in contracts. You're more than welcome to cancel any time with no pay but that will give you those rights now.

:	And like I said I have a special twice in the same deal so thank you.

:	Yes well I do thank you for your time today if you have any other questions feel free to call spectrum at 5 5 7 5 7 7 3 2 8. Thank you. Thank you.
