:	Hi good afternoon. My name is Brenda 5 and I'm calling on behalf of spectrum on a recorded line.

:	How are you get are you.

:	I'm doing great thank you. I make this quick. The purpose of our call today because we know we've recently bought out Time Warner Cable and we just want to make sure you aren't getting a good deal for some services that you're already out. And we do still have cable and internet connected home.

:	I don't have internet. It's just the cable and the phone.

:	OK. Give us or of it was somebody else with spectrum. And servers working for you. It's working real good. Awesome. OK you weren't looking to get internet servers that are.

:	No ma'am. No I don't have a computer or anything like that.

:	OK well let me ask you one last question because it's not shown me how much you pay right now for you through services.

:	Well it's supposed to be supposed to be 70. What's happening is that I had told them if they could sell me the bill like now from the first to the fourth because I get my check in between that. Because that way I can get all my bills paid at the same time and they build it back to me right in the middle of the month. So I'm getting double charged for my services. So right now I'm paying it comes out to a hundred and seventy something. Wow.

:	OK let me ask you one more question and you know why I'm asking you Do you have anybody like kids grandkids friends neighbor anybody. I'm just if you say that you did have connection for Internet. OK now hear me out. If you did have conviction for Internet of anybody that will come over and would you use it. No. See because the reason I'm asking right now because you have two TVs here in the home. Yes but I only have the connection and I can actually give you everything. Everything. All three services for half the price you're paying right now.

:	And what's the full price.

:	Actually I'm paying roughly about 170 this will be ninety five dollars.

:	But to see that school that's why I'm trying to do because I'm on a budget because I'm only getting one check. And what I have to pay my bills and plus with that I have to pay my mom. I got to get some of my groceries and some of my medical expenses. So that kind of leads me through the rest of the month completely broke that I had and I had gotten the spectra because it was only going to be 16. But then it went to 70 because I got the phone. But now like I said the bill is I mean like in the middle of the month and they're charging me a seventy regardless that I still pay. I paid all of that bill. I pay all of it. And the first I mean and a third of the money and they're still sending me like the other bill for a hundred and seven. So it's kind of hard for me if I only pay 70. I know it's going to be coming out twice this much is what I'm supposed to be. All right. So like I don't have no money whatsoever because I don't want to lose my cable. That's too much for me to be paying and even I'm left without nothing. I'll be honest with you. So I'm giving like second thoughts and trying to think if I should turn it off or I should take take the phone off. So my bill could both go back down. But I need it if my bills would come in. Like I said between the first and third I would be able to pay the whole amount that you are charging me. But I don't know how your billing is that you know that you are then all the bills in the middle of the month are I don't know.

:	And like I said this here but like I said this here even even if you didn't use the Internet as I said it would still like to cut that almost in a house.

:	But the thing is to like I said I'm trying to make you understand is that even though if it's going to go down to that price the billing will come out come in the middle of the month. Right. So. It's still going to come out of the amount because I'm not able to sell it.

:	You know what you have right. I understand arduously and now I'll get to. OK. Now seaboards legacy if you're willing to try the Internet now just hear me out. What I'm typing in here. Is that I want the bill at the beginning of the month. Yes ma'am. And like I said is happened and we hear the verifier can see it. I said the people in charge of the. Spectrum can see it. And like I said it's that hopefully that that sets in I'm trying to get that bill down for you. And this here will lower it like a set of buddied almost like seventy five dollars. And if you do this like this. And then if you'd like to speak to the verifier on the verifier we'll be able to speak with you and they'll be able to. I mean the only thing I could do they can let you know for sure if they can you know I have that bill scheduled for the beginning of the month. I mean if you have a couple minutes that's all you know that's all I can say. I mean see if they can do that for you. If not that's fine. I mean really they just want to try it is for you to see if they can do that for you to get their bill lowered.

:	OK well the longest that I would know. Like I said that it would come down completely in my bill would be sent like the beginning of the month. Right. That would be fine because like you know.

:	Right. And like I said it's going to put you in touch with the verifier once the verifier gets on the line they're just gonna verify your name and address and they're going to see this message and I type in there and then you tell them the same thing that you just told me that is if because if they if they can do it within the month just tell them I said you don't want it. OK.

:	OK. Because I know I've talked to another girl. She called me and I was talking to her. Same way I'm talking to you. And she was kind of rude and she was like No it's not going to happen. And I said well OK I'm sorry. I just don't want to talk to you anymore. So I kind end up on her. So you know I mean I'm just trying to explain the situation that I'm in and I don't want it overcharged you know because I don't have I don't have the money that everybody's expecting. You know people who have you know.

:	Right. Oh I totally understand. Yeah. And like and like I said this is where you can ask them right off the get go. Once he or she picks up and asking myself if there's a way that they could put your bill for you at the beginning of the month because that's when you get your money in the plan like you said they can you know right in there OK. OK. OK OK. Now just hang on the line. Good to hear a couple clicks in and one of the verifiers we'll pick up for you then OK. OK thank you. All right take care. Good luck. Thank. You.
