:	Hello.

:	Hi my name is Ray Flores. On behalf of spectrum before I continue I do need to let you know THIS CALL MAYBE RECORDED OR MONITORED FOR QUALITY purposes.

:	How are you doing this afternoon.

:	Well are you feeling okay.

:	Are you feeling OK ma'am I'm okay.

:	It's good to hear. So we are calling you today to offer you a with spectrum service.

:	Do you currently have any cable services or internet or home phone services or you know of telephone.

:	What you have is the phone service.

:	Oh yeah.

:	Do you have any cable service like DirecTV or anything like that.

:	OK. Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa. All right. So it's different.

:	How much would you say you pay per month for them.

:	Oh I have no one pays them.

:	So they can't say I can save you money because just a couple calls a guy just kind of falling to slavey and she was telling me she paid because she had the same network and she paid over one hundred and thirty dollars. And here I can you all you would have to pay fifty nine dollars. But we do pay your first month off and you get the cable services which has way more channels and better to send your dish network and the phone service is really good as well.

:	I have a saying that deals come to this place and they pay the bail.

:	Are they there currently. No they though

:	. They don't live far down south for us.

:	Would you be interested in trying to save yourself money and save them money as well. Well. Because I mean it is only 59 dollars and we're not going to charge you to install it or anything. It's going to stay fifty nine dollars and you're going to have your TV and a very good home phone service and it comes along with the security system. So if anything happens you have security. Excuse me I'm sorry the security system.

:	I don't know whether I have or if it's in your household.

:	You do have the authority. This will be a whole new scene and they will be under your name. But you can tell them it's under your name but they don't pay.

:	So they to have to pay for the first month. So it's like not going to be anything shady you know what I mean.

:	I mean it's less stress on you and less stress on them. But there is here.

:	With I care I did something similar and got chewed out.

:	So I mean look just so you don't get to outlook because it will help not only you but me out. So you do get this. You do. You can try it out for 30 days and if you really like you tell them like hey I really like this. Can you just pay it's a lot cheaper than the dish and they're not going to have to pay money because we're willing to pay the dish companies so they don't charge them and they don't have to pay extra money for taking the stuff back just because you like our service so well. They don't even have to pay the first month and if you don't like it you could just return all the money back. I guess we hate to pay for

:	. Something.

:	This. Oh. Oh.

:	Are you sure. I mean if you want you can talk to them and talk to them. You can talk to them and kind of let them know if you do want to just call back number 5 5 7 5 7 7 3 2 8 and we can see what we can do for you.

:	But if you're not sure right now just because you don't want to you don't want to feel like you're doing them wrong.

:	I mean we can hold off on the offer or if if we do like I can put it in for you.

:	And I'll just put it in and postpone it and you can tell them kind of what's going on and then you'll have to hold off on it. But it will still be in the system just so you don't have to restart. And then if you do want to just call them back and tell them I want to after you talk to the people you know would you be interested in doing that. Would that be easier for you

:	. To say you know what I am being honest with you that's why I'm telling you I'm not going to pressure you into like speeding into it right away.

:	I'm willing to put it down so you don't have to talk to someone else and go through the struggle again. Your file already started. And then tell verifiers like Hey I do want to but I want to hold off. I need to talk to the people I pay my bills first. OK we understand and then they'll give you another day to call. And if they do agree with it then they will. You could just call them back and they approved it and then they'll get you started right away. I mean it's a great you know it's a great for you you're not going to jump into things right away but you'll at least have a head start in something that you do want in the future. You don't want you know what I mean. So it's like not only helps you out but it helps them out. You can get that communication going. Oh. Oh. Oh oh. Oh oh

:	. Oh oh oh. Oh I

:	. Call back to you.

:	Let me try. If you don't you don't want me to send you to someone and I kind of explain more and go into more detail. I mean because I'll help out too and I think you can get a three way call going or something. But I mean if you don't want to I can just not do it for you.

:	Just take off all the starting stuff.

:	I'm I'm being honest and I'm just I'm trying to work with you. I'm trying to work with you. I'm not like other people I go just bye bye bye. Now if if you want I can start it up for you and then just let the verifier know like hey yeah I want to but I want to hold off on it. But I don't want to have my order in. But I do need to talk to the people that pay my bills and they'll be very understanding. They will go along with that kind of work it out you know so it's not stress because the last thing I want you to do is stress over something like this. You know what I mean. Because I mean you're not going to get an offer like this anywhere else everywhere else. I mean I'm pretty sure you've had people like Go just buy this get this there's no one like I'm really willing to work with you can help you get started help your train of thought.

:	Right. So are thinking of doing later after you talk to them. Well because they reach. Me.

:	I mean yeah I see. So it's like you personally I feel like you do want it but it's just the people that pay your bills you're like you're nervous to tell them and ask because I mean they're hard to get a hold of but that's why I'm telling you I can do this for you Cindy to verify you let them know and they'll give you the number so you call back just in case you are ready to Boom Bye.

:	Yeah. Oh god.

:	Oh I was right.

:	OK. Time today.

:	You.
