:	And the Hello.

:	Hello Ms Greer. How are you doing. Ma'am my name is Ray McCants. I'm a product specialist with spectrum give you a call on a recorded line How are you this morning. That is great to hear. My reason for calling them is Greer As you may or may not know our company spectrum took over time warner cable. OK. Yes ma'am. So the reason for my call today is to inform you about some special offers for customers in your area. Before I do I just need to ask you a few questions to determine.

:	I have down and put down my TV.

:	OK. Absolutely absolutely well I will tell you about our service Ms Greer because we got a wonderful offer I want to tell you about.

:	We give you more variety OK you might like movies. Well let me ask you this.

:	I'm not interested in having something here. OK.

:	Well Mr. Gray I speak to many customers they felt that same way but once they learned about it they never looked back and that's why we're calling you today with this incredible credible offer that you can try our services. There's no there's no

:	. Binding contract or anything like that. We're just excited like you said. But I know I'm not interested right now. OK. Well well miss great you haven't heard the offer. Of course not. I haven't told you about it. Don't because I can I can't afford it.

:	OK.

:	Ms. Ms. Ms Greer and I certainly respect that. I'm not trying to give you something that doesn't fit in your book.

:	But you know I haven't even told you about the prize. OK. But let me let me ask a question. Let me ask you this what do you like to watch on TV. I don't watch TV. You don't watch TV. No local stuff news. Nothing only open and I like it. Oh you like that. You like to read what type of books you like. Oh any any kind of any kind.

:	I tell you what is great you got love this service because they have something for authors. OK. Where you can go you can get inspired. They have a lot of like document. Do you like documentaries.

:	I'm I'm I'm not interested again. Thank you for your call. OK.

:	I owe him as I would hate for you to miss out of respect from do it for them any questions call it a 5 5 7 5 7 7 3 2 8.
