:	Hello can I speak with Linda.

:	This is Linda. Hi Linda My name is I.A. and I'm calling on the behalf of spectrum. How are you doing. I'm doing fine.

:	OK I just let you know we are on a recorded line and I'm glad to hear that you're doing fine and Dan just to let you know the reason we're excited because we have some fantastic offers going on and we were trying to see if we could get people up and going with spectrum and get to saving them money and stuff so we're trying to see if we could give you a better value for your money and stuff so I can see here that you currently don't have any of our services in the home currently. Correct. Correct. And who do you currently use for like. Internet or cable or whatever services you do have in your home.

:	Mike I don't have cable I use an antenna. I don't want spectrum. I had spectrum and they wouldn't work with me.

:	OK well we've all we've changed we changed a lot. So I'm pretty sure I can work with you today.

:	Today man it couldn't have changed much because it's only been a couple of months since that canceled the service.

:	OK. So can you. Can you tell me what is going on and I can see that if maybe I can do some different than give you a different experience compared to what you did last time.

:	I just tried to get them to give me some kind of a deal before they would work with me. When prices went up but every bill every box my bill was going up to three hours in how much much.

:	So you just had the Internet correct. Yes. And how much were you paying a month. Well you mean I just had the internet. I had I mean like when I had all you had all three. Right. OK.

:	Were there just two was it too much money was it just becoming like too much.

:	It was too much and they wouldn't work with me on it though. And then I was told that after the first of the year the would be going up again. So I told her I can't afford it and they wouldn't work with me so I can't it. My son put an antenna up on my roof and I'm fine with that.

:	You're fine with your antenna.

:	OK. How much were you paying. How much did it go to for all three. When it did go up how much were you paying for electric bill I paid was one hundred eighty one dollars.

:	Wow. And I know I get up in the mail all the time about your specials but that special does not include a modem or your set top box or anything like that.

:	Let's see now. Now the way we got to set up is when we do when we order do service and order services for people we include everything like we include the fees we include how much is going to be for the modems and the top boxes we include all that and then like we also let you know that if you're a new customer so like you would be a new customer. You get that free installation so you'd get the free professional installation where they come out and do that for you. But yeah I mean I'm mostly been a couple of months but we change a lot every day and every week we make changes to our prices and stuff like that. And like I said we do not do contracts here. We have changed the stuff so I can see that I can see maybe if we can get you back up and going with your services because I know you said you have Dan Tanon now but I know that's probably like kind of a downgrade in a way the only good thing to that is not having to pay that money you know.

:	Well I didn't watch TV a whole lot myself I had it mostly for my grand daughter and I don't I'm not going to go back to that.

:	OK. So you wouldn't be interested in maybe given us another choice. No not at this point. All right well we do have some really good prices.

:	No to the expense of getting an antenna. And I had my phone changed over to Cincinnati Bell so I'm not going to change anything right now.

:	I'm going to change anything now. So what about your internet. Did you switch your internet to. Yes. I went to Cincinnati Bell with that my phone. OK and you're happy with what you're paying and all that. Yes I am. OK. What do you have any questions for me. No I don't. But I wish you luck.

:	All right. Thank you so much for your time today Linda and I hope maybe in the future you'll give us a chance and stuff and try out and. But. Thank you for your time and you have a great rest your day and if you do have any questions or anything just feel free to give us a ring. A 5 5 7 5 7 7 3 2 8. But besides that you have a great rest of your day ma'am.

:	You too. Bye. Thank you. Bye bye.
