:	Hello

:	. Hi my name is Rafe lawyers calling on behalf of spectrum before I continue I do need to let you know THIS CALL MAYBE RECORDED OR MONITORED FOR QUALITY purposes. How are you doing this afternoon.

:	That is good to hear. So we are calling you to offer your spectrum service. Do you currently have any of our spectrum services in your household like the phone or internet anything. No. Do you have any cable services in your home. Yes. What cable service do you have if you don't mind me asking Google.

:	Google and how much would you say you pay a month for them. I won't tell you. So me your best offer after that.

:	Well we do have you if we get our cable we had it for thirty nine dollars. No charges no additional taxes.

:	We don't charge you for the equipment we do pay your first month off and it stays like that for as long as you like. Because we don't have a contract.

:	Oh for like a bundle for that. OK. So for the TV it was just thirty nine dollars for the Internet. Forty four dollars. But if you get good if I go to your Web site I can find all of them for 29 dollars. Yes. I'm sorry I was looking at the bundle. But yes that is correct.

:	It is for nine dollars. Are they from the outside. You know Tony no.

:	The one on the left side is correct. And then I'm trying to get to either cable or internet for us because we will save the money and it does run pretty fast and since already have Google Chrome I mean it's going to help out a lot. You'll have you'll be able to connect more things to it. You can watch On-Demand live streaming and all of that. We don't charge you for the boxes or the installation for the TV it's point thirty nine dollars and then free internet. Twenty nine dollars just for the iPhone.

:	I will tell you right now let me go to the phone.

:	There isn't just there isn't one for only cell phone service but we do have a bundled deal for the phones and the Internet. For 60 bucks for phone and internet it would be enough for you if you do get those. You'll start off with 200 megabits per second. And then as the month goes after the month that we pay for you you get an extra 100 megabytes so you have about 300 megabytes chest of Internet every month. Yes sir. Is that is 60 and is how much you said. The TVs. Thirty nine dollars. No taxes including additional fees. But VIPs that don't buy things when they're not on it it's because of promotions area.

:	So we're trying to start off offer where we're trying to pay for your first month and you're not getting the regular Slyke TV service you're getting like a package deal you're getting more. That makes sense. Is the. I'm going to turn into.

:	We have all the channels. Plus some additional 225 channels on demand with 10000 different movies and TV shows and then live streaming. I find the time to watch all of this. Whenever you have time in the best part about it as we do if you do get this there is an app that we download onto your tablets or phone or anything and it's epic. So you think you can take it with you on the go say you can't you're not at home but you want to watch something you can watch when you're somewhere else and it has everything. But could you be interested in that. Well I mean because in your first month I mean it does pay your first month and we're not going to charge you for installation like you're getting all of that for free.

:	You do know what I mean. But you guys saw the fall of the cable box and things like that.

:	No we don't. That's the beauty of it. We don't charge for that stuff. We offer you that. Without the monthly pay.

:	Is that right. Is there anything that has a monthly pay in addition to the monthly out of your head.

:	No there's nothing that there's no contract so you don't get charged extra for the equipment you have to take all three together.

:	What would be the target then tell me.

:	OK. For all three it would be 70 dollars for all three ads. Seventy dollars for all three.

:	OK. And that includes a 300 megabyte streaming internet. The the all the channels what you said and that's 70. And is there any tax or other stuff added to it.

:	No sir there's no taxes or additional fees and there's no contract so you'll be able to keep this for as long as you like.

:	TONY BURKE demand. Yes sir. OK. Audio recording this conversation. Yes sir. So if any discrepancy later I can ask you to pull out the recording and then.

:	Yes sir. And and because I'm in the promotions area so I'll be able to put this down and then tell them what you want and then the verifier will sit there and help you out if you do have any misunderstandings then understand something they'll help you out.

:	Would you be willing to give this in writing like an email. This is hard.

:	I in the area that I'm in I can't email you anything because I'm just a promotions. I can get to like you said. Say you do want to TV the Internet and the phone I can get two or three of those Sunday to verify.

:	You just tell them Yes I'm interested but I want to I want you guys to give me time please send me an email they'll be able to do that. And that's for 70 bucks. Yes. OK. Let's do it OK let me put you in for the Wi-Fi and.

:	Ok I'm gonna transfer you to verifier so if you hear a click I didn't hang up. You're just being transferred. OK. What is your name again Desmarais. OK. OK. Did you hear me. So if you hear a click I hang up you're just being transferred to a verifier and are going to be on the line with them. Are you going to be gone. No they I'm going to send you to all because I'm in the promotions. So you're going to be sent to them and then they're going to get you started and get you going. OK. OK.

:	So if you hear a click they hang up. Being. Now.
