:	Hello Mr. Roland Burris is running here. Oh I do apologize ma'am. But I was

:	. I was calling on behalf of spectrum for me Time Warner Cable. I was trying to reach 7 1 6 2 4 8 2 4 5 9 I have a Greg number

:	. Seven as my number.

:	OK. Yes ma'am I have the right number ma'am and I will update my records. But let me ask you Do you currently live in Tonawanda New York.

:	No I don't. No I live in Buffalo New York. You live in Buffalo.

:	Yeah but I'm OK. OK let me ask a question. Are you familiar with spectrum.

:	Yes I have cable yeah I'm old man. OK so you got cable ready. Yes.

:	OK. Do you have any of the services. I'll tell you what I'm asking you to you use any other services.

:	I'm sorry. I'm sorry.

:	OK. No you fine. I was asking you did you use any other services spectrum besides

:	. The time. No no you fine you fine. I got children I know the chance for me was sick to death. OK and I'll be watching now that you're watching.

:	OK. Do you. Have internet or phone services for your home.

:	No we have a phone and internet use. OK so does anybody

:	. In your home use the internet. My son probably do. Yeah. You're going to tell you what I'm asking you this. OK. I'm glad I've got you on the line. Let me tell you what's going on. Spectrum customers as you know they bought out a. Company called Time Warner Cable. You are aware that right. Yes ma'am. So as a result Dayton did a lot of upgrading and changing mean in net debt. The reason I was calling that person but you this is your number you qualify it as meaning that if the. Package and you have a service is for close to say you close for a year you might be paying a regular price for TB. What I'm calling to let you know they got a special that I can offer you mean if I can give you TV I can give you internet. I can give you phone. You get a free installation no type of contract. And which TV package. Let me tell you what you going get you get. Well let me ask you what package do you currently have on your TV.

:	Do you just get a basic package really paying attention. OK. I know I'm with bedroom's. Yes ma'am. Somewhere around the line I would qualify for something.

:	OK. No no. You do. You do. So let me let me just say this. With this you go get more. You don't get internet TV in the phone. All starting price is as low as twenty nine dollars and 99 percent of the work. In other words what I'm showing you is I want to ask how many TVs are you connected in your home TV in a one in the front room from my room. So you got two TVs right. Right. So two TVs. How much is your monthly bill a month.

:	Thirty seven dollars. One hundred and thirty seven dollars and you got one line of service TTV. Because I do my line with my. Or would be separate cable to an open in my room. Oh OK let me let me let me

:	. Just tell you this right. You paid a hundred and thirty seven dollars for TB when you sign on to say if you are both combate that's only seven dollars right. Check this out. What do we do. While I'm trying to tell you I'm glad I didn't talk to you because I can't give you all three services the internet and phone alone. Let me just put. It. To CNN. Want to show you this. Isn't that cost money. No no it's what I'm trying to tell you is my computer on what and where I was going going. But I want you stay with me because what I'm telling you what I'm telling you is I can get you free. Services for a whole lot cheaper to pay for one service which so some will be able to get internet. I know you say you'll mess with it but if you can get three line services for cheaper than what you pay for one service. Jump on this deal. I'm not talking about you. Know contracts. I'm not saying that hey listen if you don't like this then there's some type of penalties or fees or anything like this. Nothing like that. The phone you get you get free unlimited local and long distance Dalat if you need to call any family member at any time throughout the United States you get it free. We take care of all the taxes and fees on the phone and the Internet. OK. Basically you get in a phone service for ten dollars when when you. Add all three services. This what I'm trying to tell you. So I must show you to save it. They all know what my computer is. It's time to slow down and wait. Yes ma'am. OK. Now what I'm telling you but. Yes ma'am. Napak two services for three services gives me with the two TVs you got. Now. You will get all that is for them you see them close to them. OK. Right.

:	But if I got to TV would you kind of say you're going to replace it.

:	No no no. I think I'm a replacement. I'm talking about with the equipment. You got two boxes in your home. What I'm trying to tell you is you told me currently no one sorry between you. Two TVs which is equipment they charge you for. You pay about a hundred and thirty seven dollars. What I'm telling you what I'm calling you today. I can give you the TV package. That you got which will lower your TV be all over your internet. So you you know you sell me you don't use it but you'll be able to get internet. I can give you the phone service for under. 30 dollars and 95 cents. Did you see it that way. I can't give you the TB packets. The internet and phone service. Four hundred and three dollars. Ninety 95 percent. Every month and that's what equipment are already included. So you are already paying. For one on a service just for TV alone for you and your. Thirty seven dollars for one service. I'm saying I can give you all three services would you get it and get it. Oh 400 is three dollars and 95 cents and I'm level you know type of contract. OK. Don't take. It. I want to stay with me because the address like I said he got a tablet Rosenberger. OK. Add to Blackmore's for you. Toby day. But that phone number which is yours. Would you qualify because you already get spectrum services so I'm able to give this to you. I just got to put in notes. Would you do this with me because when I. Do I want you to hold line because I might get you over to what is called Our validation to. Our. What are they going to don't go the prices share which you make miscall. Oh I didn't promise anything. Excellent. What are you going to receive here. They also are going to tell you. By installation time that we can get you set up for services where you can take advantage of these great Fay. Is now being called to get started with this because you are a customer. So this is a special offer. I've told. You about given away to existing customers. So I called you at the right time. OK.

:	So 37000 check me out my money.

:	No no no no no no they not cheat on your money. No no no Daddy does the regular price that they normally may charge for one line of services with the equipment. But it's. Part of a promotion that they run it from taking over that company Time Warner. They're they're giving this to you. OK. At this discount price. OK that's what I'm telling. You. So you qualify but it's because you an existing customer meaning that you can get three of services for a cheaper price. And they go lower your Eubie can say you can get three services for a whole. Lot cheaper than what you pay for one service. That's my point. You follow what I'm saying. OK. So that's all I'm saying. So hope. It get you over there. Matter of fact let me do that before I do that. Hello. Hello. Hello. This. Stay with me. OK ma'am. Give me your first and last name and address because I got to have all the information I want to send back because you got this rope. Purposes only and they don't address you. But they asked me to. OK what's your first or last name.

:	My name is Patricia Ma and Patricia.

:	Patricia and small. OK. OK. Ms Small. What was your correct address. They got to 81. So for me to say we won 81 if both

:	. Of you spell it for me. Oh ok. I have. I'm still in my home. Well got to stay at you. Yes. Oh. OK. You say I ask you is this so Fulk. Oh. Yes yes. Oh ok. Oh ok. Tell me what is it. OK.

:	OK. So folks that issue is it might be this small. Is it you. Oh ok so far. Oh yes. OK. Is that street avenue.

:	Oh no. That's the street.

:	OK. OK. So it's our fault in a fault. It's not our fault. Like is it your fault. Like is Nancy the way you spell it. OK nor fault nor folk. OK let me let me go back because I said so fall on the wind where I get it from back up North. North Fork nor nor. Folk. Ok I'll try that. OK. Oh OK. OK. Not a problem. OK. North Fork you say that's our street or avenue.

:	No that's the street. OK. Nor forestry. Is this a home or apartment building. OK. Unit number okay what's your unit number 55 to 55.

:	Okay. And that is what city state. Is that in Buffalo New York Buffalo New York. 1 4 2

:	. 1 5 1 5. Right okay. Okay.

:	Right. 1 4 2 1 5. Space. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now. Okay Miss tomorrow we'll play a whole do not hang up hold the line because I'm the transfer you over. Okay. And

:	. When they get on the line they probably are going to address it because the name on the screen to read the name of the screen you don't say Tabitha Rosenberg You tell them no. My name is Patricia and small and just tell them your address Bres say that you talk with the. Ray the salesman here and he just set me up on this deal OK. So they'll put all that in the notes so you can get this off OK. OK. All right so hold the line. Let me see can you. OK it's been a pleasure talking to you and miss you all enjoy these services. OK.

:	OK. All right please.
