:	Hello. Yes hi. Good afternoon. My name is Stephanie. I'm calling on behalf of spectrum on a recorded line. How are you.

:	Just fine yourself.

:	I'm doing quite a ride as well. Thanks for asking. You sound like you have a little cold buster right now.

:	We're calling with some fantastic promotional offers to get you started with spectra. We'd love to give you a better value for your money. My record show that you're not using spectrum in your home currently is that correct. That's correct. Who are you using for your landline service. Direct TV. OK. And what are you paying for your services if you don't mind me asking for 60 bucks 60 bucks for just your TV set. And what about your home phone. No

:	. That's where it's at. I don't have a cell phone. I don't even have a computer

:	. OK. Well did you know that Spectrum's home phone service is only 19 dollars. Ninety nine cents. And it includes limited local and unlimited long distances. Wow. You have that

:	. You have our home phone. I've got a home. Oh yes but I've already got it was somebody else. I've had it for years.

:	I will go ahead and put that into the account and I do want to thank you for being a spectrum customer and I hope you can go ahead.

:	I got a few questions I was going to call you tomorrow anyway.

:	OK.

:	If I decide to go back to it's just a TV What would it cost how many TVs are you using. Oh well actually one I have one in the bedroom to go. OK. Is that a smart TV. I don't know.

:	OK. And then I have another question for you Mr. Baker is the TV that you're using and are you getting any like premium channels like HBO Showtime or Cinemax with DirecTV. What type of programming do you when I got Starz OK.

:	And that's a joke.

:	OK. And what type of programming do you enjoy watching.

:	Oh really indeed. If it's. There's so many advertisements so me anymore. They tell you you got so many channels but actually you only got about a third of the movie channels. The rest of it advertisement or something else you like just having the movie channels or do you like to watch like a sports channel do you like to watch like a hunting channel on. Those are right. But. What I'm on a budget I got to watch what I get. Yes.

:	So I will help you with that because it's really affordable but I don't want to take anything away from you that you're already using and you watch a lot. So I want to make sure that I give you a lot of the same programming.

:	OK. I have a question. You have a brochure. Consumed with

:	. Frozen food. Well we have our channel lineup on the internet and I know that you don't have a computer but I know with just our select package includes over 125 channels.

:	So of course you're going to get all of your local programming. You're going to get. ABC Family will plan it. You're going to get ESPN Food Network. You'll get like eFax FXE movie channel you'll get a Hallmark lifetime Lifetime movie you'll get National Geographic oxygens Spy TV USA plus so much more. And our video on demand is included with that. So if you miss a programming on ABC you can go on the on demand and watch another programming. And just for the TV service because I know that you were asking me. You're looking at about forty six dollars.

:	I know what I haven't done. And now we had a limb. Next door fell down and now cable was down. The guy that came out next door I think he has. Spectrum. Well he cut the cables to my house and my neighbor over here. Oh wow. Actually before that I could reveal myself. It's a short line just see from the outside the inside. Now I have to run a line from Nepal here. Who would pay for that.

:	We would pay for that for it to get put into your home. But I wanted to let you know to Mr. Baker because I know that you said you're on a fixed income and you gotta watch what you spend. And right now you're paying sixty dollars for Direct TV. My mistake. That's right. OK. Will the same phone number that you're using right now you could switch your line over to spectrum and nothing would be interrupted. We have our emergency 911 service as well. So if anything happened they could find you with that. But we have the TV and home phone service for 60 dollars. That's what you're paying for DirecTV and you would get all of the same programming the home phone service with the same services that you have right now for 60 dollars. So whatever you're paying for your landline you have that extra money to save as well.

:	Let me contract out the first of February.

:	I could buy you out of that is. Wow.

:	I'll finish out this time. And. Let me talk it over to the wife and I'll give you a call back. What's your name. My name is Staff Stephanie. OK. But I would your call.

:	All right well Mr. Baker just think about that we have limited local on limited long distance as well. And with the internet and TV together are the TV and the home phone together.

:	It would only be six feet tall or what was the total number of channels yet a hundred and twenty five channels including all of your local programming with the box with the phone line and everything for 60 dollars.

:	OK. What did I decide to have them move over.

:	If you don't want the phone moved over then it's just going to be forty six dollars for the TV star.

:	All right. Appreciate the information. You're very welcome. You take care probably in a couple of days. Give you a call. Have a good day. All right. By

:	. Sam.
