:	Hi my name is Hollywood and I'm calling on behalf of spectrum on a recorded line.

:	How are you doing today. BACTRIM yes. Yes. I live by the service. I'm sorry. I'm fine with my TV service.

:	No I'm actually calling about internet. Do you currently have any internet provider.

:	I've got mine through AT&T. OK. I know they keep they keep sending out 499 deal. Yeah I thought about changing that. Goodness grew everything from. Right. Why is that.

:	Well that's that's a promotional price for one thing. So it's a no no no no. That's not the promotion Larry Price is actually the set price for it. It is our new Internet. So it's not actually at a promotional price. That's actually what it is and that's what it is for as long as you keep at that price will it ever go up. Well it is megabytes a second to send it. Now that it's up to 30 minutes like 60. OK. Really.

:	Yeah this is actually twice as fast as AT&T Internet.

:	Let me ask you this. You're going to send me a modem right. No. Well yes. Yes.

:	You get the free modem that dads to the know or just be for your internet you'll just have one for your internet and not as you won't have to rent the modem we provide those for free to your price.

:	No but that goes to a cable right. Right. The mine is you know satellite. OK. So that means you're going to have to run a cable to get into. You're right. We're more my thing that I'd have to tear this place apart to get a cable Wendy. Here is your other problem is your address to 26 East Chestnut Street. Twenty five and a half. There's an upper and lower. OK. I'm on up. OK. So they would have to actually bring it in through my living room right. The Wire to this room I have where the main computer is and then I have a couple other ones that run off the Wi-Fi right and my laptop. Right. But I could show you a picture of how my kids have to go through to get cable just to be here right now. Yes sir. Well the thing is that is no way to hide the cable. OK true.

:	You can run it on the wall or anything or in the car.

:	This is all shaped you'd actually have to come across the wall to a little closet. Up another wall another couple feet to catch it there. It's like an owl in there. OK. And then the front room goes over to the porch below. Well you can't bring in that direction. There's no way to get in without it show. The only thing I could do would be have to put a modem into the living room. OK.

:	But I mean if that's one thing about it you know I know you know with my e-mail address what kind of protection is on your server. What do you mean by that. You know like McAfee or you go to north we have security sweep. And that's neither one of those.

:	No it's not. It's our security suite. It's a really good program.

:	It comes free. I doubt that. Yup. And that takes over my AT&T and everything. Yeah. Well I tell you what. Let me take you back because that's right about the other day because you know I'm I'm paying like three times that amount.

:	Yeah. Well the thing is I don't know how long this promotion is going to be just because of the time allotted for at least a year because they just sent me another card the other day 49 9 but it will only last for so long I just don't want you to miss out on it.

:	Do you have. Do you have a deadline on that.

:	I don't. I don't. That's why I was just going to say if I could get you set up with this now what I could do is the person that I send you through to they can actually get you set up whenever you need it. So if you want to pick a date you know a couple of weeks from now to get yourself ready for it. That way you don't miss out.

:	Well I tell you what I'm going to make up my mind here in the next couple of days. Let me get the number.

:	I can give you a call back. Would that be OK.

:	Now I'd rather call somebody from spectrum. Can I just call them 900 number.

:	I can give you our service number but it would be easier for me just to call you back and tell you what let me see today Friday.

:	It's Thursday. Outback's call me but Tuesday like this time oh yeah. Just give me one minute here. It's Dalyup for to do that. I'm going to call AT&T. OK. And see you know I got a contract with them right now. Now it's not a contract. You know I just keep asking to get a break on it some the rules and stuff but I know for sure they're not going to be this price so I mean this is probably the best way for you being the price and how much you get with it.

:	I get to keep my e-mail address and everything right. Right. Right. The e-mail guys originally came through though and as you showed me yes you should be able to if not we have e-mail but I don't see why you couldn't keep it being because all my billing everything goes right no address and I can't give that to me. That's right. What about. Every network. I don't want to have to go through that right.

:	Well what if i send you through to my verifier and they can set up a time for you. It would be so much easier to do that because I'm just going to be honest with you. Next week at this time I could be in a different promotion and we may never know.

:	I may never get a call back. Give me somebody else. Let them. Yeah I know. He all my information.

:	Ok yeah I can do that. I'll send through to them. And like I said even if you want to get it set up a couple of weeks from now that way you have time to talk to AT&T and get that all taken care of and you do whatever you need to do. Let me just ask you one more question Do you have. Are you going to need a router. Do you have your own router.

:	Well I've got the router but I want to get from AT&T from them. OK. All right. So you're going to see yours. Right. So you're going to need to rent one off of us. Yeah ok. Buyer around. Okay yeah. Right. So here's router 4. It's five dollars extra. So you're 20 dollars a month. That's 20 dollars right. I mean you can always go out and get your own router if you'd like to I mean compatible with. Yeah. Yeah. Like if you go buy one. I mean they're like 50 bucks anyway. Yeah right. I could buy one for 50 bucks right.

:	I'm not paying you. Well wait a minute. Fifty bucks a year.

:	Yeah that's right. Yeah. I'd rather make sure it's compatible with everything right.

:	Right. So yeah let me turn to them and see what we can do for you. And like I said. It doesn't have to be right away but you know the sooner the better you get it set up that way you don't miss out on this price. All right. I'm going to talk to them. OK I'm going to send you through to them. I'm going to put you on a hold and it's going to sound like I hung up but I didn't so just be I'm OK. They'll be right. All right. All right. You have a good day. Hold please.
