:	Hello. Hello hello.

:	My name is Emily Dimond and I'm calling on behalf of Spectrum How are you today. I'm sorry to hear that sir. Real quick before I continue I just want to let you know the call may be monitored for quality purposes and we were calling to let you know that you've been selected to receive an exclusive limited time offer in your area and our records show that you guys don't have any spectrum services in your home is that correct.

:	Lots of internet phone and cable spectrum formerly Time Warner Cable number come from. You're not with us.

:	We have all three of all three services available to you.

:	I I. I need them. You need them from me. Oh ok. Seedbeds don't know what to do. Oh OK.

:	So do you have internet phone and cable.

:	I have your phone. Do you want. To run. Zero.

:	This is me. I don't like I didn't sleep.

:	Ok I apologize. Maybe we could call back another time. No not knowing what

:	. You know now. What do you need me to do sir.

:	I'm sorry I apologize. I'm having a hard time understanding you.

:	Have. I don't I don't go. OK. And you.

:	OK well I can have I can have her call you back again if you want me to. Is that what you want me to do.

:	I think you need to do something.

:	I don't understand what you want me to do sir. Do you. I'm trying to offer you internet phone and cable for 74 97 a month.

:	I have everything doing something.

:	OK well thank you for your time today if you have any questions. Call Spectrem 8 5 5 7 5 7 7 3 2 8 and you have a good day wait a minute.

:	What's your name. My name is Emily Sanders. Do you know Julie.

:	Did you know that you talked to my supervisor OK.

:	Who is your wife. She's right here.

:	Her name is Julie Holden Groupon thank you for holding my name is Julie Palmer and I am a floor supervisor here how can I assist you.

:	How are you doing today. Very big as we can see Friday night.

:	I do apologize for that sir. How can I assist you today. Me neither. Yes I mean. Come From Me from new phone. Do you currently have Spectrum's services with us now.

:	Right now they're really busy. You have Dish network ready bet when they say in very bad condition.

:	Are you are you.

:	Do you beriberi condition what does Spectrum services or do they go. Do it okay.

:	Did you try Cherubino customer service call.

:	I didn't ever go. I don't know.

:	OK. If you grab a pen sir I'll give you that number so you could contact customer service please. Do you have a pimp.

:	Men and boys walk or do anything.

:	Okay so unfortunately sir I'm promotions I'm not going to be able to assist you and do anything for you. We just sell cable on me correct but I can't do anything for you you have to contact customer service. You have a power grab a pen to write on them tell me when you're ready I give you the number and they help you reach me.

:	Okay give me the best Munther.

:	Okay it's 8 8 0 0 0 8 9 2 9 2 and then it's going to be 2 2 5 3 through through 3. You call them and they help you. They send somebody out to fix your stuff.

:	Does that mean Iberico.

:	Okay thank you have a nice day. Any questions about my call. A 5 5 7 5 7 7 3 2 8. Have a nice day. Okay.

:	Ready. Bed time.
