:	Hello. Hello. Hi my name's Brittany Sinclair I'm calling on behalf of spectrum on a recorded line. How are you doing today. Good. That's good to hear. Now my records indicate you currently don't have any spectrum services in the home is that accurate. No we do have a spectrum. You do have spectrum. Do you have our internet service. Yes. OK. I do apologize for that.

:	I'll tell you what you probably confused. One of the residents that lives here in the home has won her own home. But they quoted her a price that she thought was way too high.

:	OK. A phone is actually 1999 a month. So I mean in all honesty I don't believe that that is not what they told her. OK. Yeah it's only 1999 a month. If you are one you can have her. Call us. Well she's sitting right here. Would you like to talk with us. Yes. Mondher. Hello. Hi my name's Brandi Sinclair I'm calling on behalf of spectrum on a recorded line. How are you doing today.

:	Well I'm fine. I think this still qualifies for it.

:	OK. It's 1999 a month. I mean there's really nothing. Just go boom. Yeah just the phone is 1999 a month.

:	It's still too high.

:	I mean we have our internet services I don't know if either one of you wanted Internet service but that was the reason for the call today.

:	I'm in my 80s. And that means I'm a senior citizen.

:	Do you have seen your rates or Internet rate is fourteen ninety nine straight. I mean that's actually a lot cheaper than the standard DSL or any other company but I'm talking about Telefilm myth. I know it's 1999 period. There's nothing else like we don't have senior discounts or anything. So it would be 1999 a month for the telephone.

:	Is there a supervisor around there that could speak with you.

:	I can go ahead and give you one can you please hold while I get one for you. Certainly. OK thank you.

:	Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for holding this is Troy Rocco for supervisor how can I assist you today.

:	Yes. The young lady quoted in 1999 for single and I'm looking thing around for the last 82 years old.

:	Ok I definitely understand. I do apologize ma'am but I'm fortunate that we do offer for our phone service through us. You don't offer you a discount through us man we're a third party who spectrum uses are contracts to make calls for them you'd be more than welcome to call them directly and see if they have something as far as a senior discount goes that's not something we have the ability to do here.

:	All right. Just a moment if I could get a pin if you give me the number. No problem.

:	It's. Thank you

:	. No. What would that phone number be please. That would be 1 8 5 5 4 3.

:	Correct. OK. It's 7 5 7 7 5 7.

:	Yes. And then lastly it's 7 3 2 8.

:	7 3 2 8. And who will take me to.

:	That would take you to spectrum customer service directly.

:	Customer Service thank you very much. Not a problem. All I can do for you. No. Okay not a problem you have a fantastic team in you as well. Thank you.

:	Do I have to do the one.
