:	So this is really kind of Bahasa spectrum unrecorded credit line How are you doing today. I'm doing well. That's good we're running some fantastic promotional offers to get you started with spectrum. I was wondering do you have spectrum in your home by any chance. You're not perfect. Do you have internet phone. Our

:	cable provider yes you do. And who do you have if you don't mind me asking. I have your internet DirecTV for television.

:	OK. How much are you paying for both of them services. I'm not sure because we're running a fantastic promo. Should know where you can get cable and internet for seventy nine ninety eight. And you're not on no contract with those were able to buy out your contract for up to five hundred dollars. And with the Internet we could start you out of 60 speed and you know as you go it can go up to 300 but spectrum and we have 60 plus HD channels over 125 plus other channels and then access to over 10000 OnDemand choices. You get the spectrum on the go app where you can download onto your TV your laptop computer your phone you know anything that's downloadable. But you're able to get that. And then also depending on your. Area you start off with 60.

:	Every area offers a 100 will give you the hundred could you tell me what my level in my area.

:	Yeah I mean double check. Actually you could get the hundred.

:	It is offering in your area as of right now but it will be uploaded under the downloads.

:	Let me check on you would be upset. Hundred down turn it down. Because

:	. This actually means you're able to access more. You can stream better without buffering. I heard it's been pretty good lately.

:	But the other one.

:	Yes. Let me double check on that for you because I know we just created all the internets because we now we're offering 300 which are not up to 300 in my area a hundred the fastest drop I

:	. Know you can get up to 300 bucks. So 100 internet what would it cost in my house just just CNN alone.

:	Go back to the promotions with just. OK. It would be 44 in 99.

:	Just the Internet.

:	And then and then what the promotional deal with cable and internet. It would be 79.

:	Well I need to be able to separate my TV bill from my internet my employer my internet bill because I work from home. So I don't know how that works out or promotion.

:	You separate out you Bill. Yes.

:	Like to Keep like this bill strictly for them or yes.

:	Able to divide it. OK. OK.

:	We're able to do that for you because you'll get your own bills like from us to be like OK this is you know what you pay with. It even breaks it down. So say like you go with the two double promotion Ill say you pay like Fardy for this one and then 40 for this one you know. And it divides it equally like that. So you're able to show them this is what I pay for the Internet. This is what our bill is monthly for the Internet. Send you

:	. CDs which you have got for them.

:	We have the one that if you get the Internet you get that you get. This is called Epic's and it's like a Netflix. Through spectrum it has the same. It has movies shows anything you need on there and then plus with the internet. I mean the cable. We have you know music videos that one comes with MTV comes to a Disney Channel Nickelodeon. Just like give your kid anything. All the cartoon channels has lifetime. It's a pretty good promotion.

:	And then if anything how many TVs do you currently have in your home.

:	OK.

:	And any of those DVRs what are they DVR. Although I will vote for.

:	OK. We're running a great promotion with that for more that you only get for five dollars instead of twelve dollars.

:	What about all the ones we currently have. I think everything you can imagine package HBO Showtime.

:	OK. And how do you think you're paying. You're not too sure for your cable. OK. Well we have the gold package. And that's everything you can name us. With all the sports channels all the premium channels everything are named you for just a select package. No one's running for. And you said you want it cool tell you so you'll get the hundred makes up to three hundred up to 300.

:	And the gold package with absolutely everything that was running for ninety nine ninety nine limited time after so long.

:	This one is for 12 months but in behalf of promotions. We try to earn Everybody's Business Day by day month by month. So that's why we don't have no contracts yet able to modify ordre at any time. So once you know you're your promotions get ready like to expire any of the might that will. Give you a call and be like hey we have a new promotion to keep our customers happy and try to keep their rate low and all that.

:	Yes I'm sorry. What is it cable boxes sir.

:	And we're like we can go install. We have a two hour window where are in and out in two hours not waiting for us all day.

:	But the TV comes to my house. Yes that's correct.

:	No no satellite. We just have regular boxes so everything won't be coming through a box.

:	OK. We're able to see into the boxes too so that you don't have to worry about installation people coming out we just send you the box

:	. And you can install it yourself along from our buses are running. One of the other concerns I have. To make a phone call and make sure that we have our phone and we have our television which is part of a. And so by having there be a better deal on my cell phone. So I want to call it that good TV plan.

:	I really that. So is there a way that you can actually send you to my verifier and log into the account and lock those promotions on if it's gone by next week when you want to install it. You'll still have it and then they'll give you a call in the next couple of days and be like OK. Did you work on it or did you not want it and you're able to answer them then. I just want to lock this in because it is a great promotion for you. And then I don't know you know by next week we're going to have new promotions or new numbers I don't want you to miss out on this.

:	I'm sorry. No you're totally fine currently driving.

:	So I need to go home ASAP. Otherwise you or call me later verified.

:	Yeah it is. And you on over right now. So that this locks it in and then we can always you know they'll give you a day or two to be like OK go out and do what you gotta do and then we'll give you a callback summer God and you over to lock this in. So it gives you time to do it you do OK. So you're going to you're going to hear some quiet and some clicks but don't hang up because then the verifier will get on the line. OK. OK thank you so much hold on one second.

:	So do new research. Was right there.

:	I don't have time to do that. Really love it. You can do it here.
