:	Hello Mr. Lane Hello miscellany how are you doing. Good afternoon to you. My name is Ray McCants calling on behalf of spectrum form the Time Warner Cable on a recorder.

:	And how are you today.

:	That is great to hear. The reason for my call today Mr. Laney will inform you about some special offers we have for customers in your area. Before I do I just need to ask you a few questions just to determine what offers may work best for you. Mr. Delaney are you are you for that spectrum took over the company Time Warner Cable cable. Yeah they took over Time Warner are you for me with Time Warner. OK. Yes ma'am. Yes spectrum they bought them out. So any time Warner customers are now our customers or you know we just have services now in that area and we have some great new offers that may be of interest to you. I wanted to just ask you Do you currently use any one of the TV services or phone services for your home. Okay if you don't mind me asking who is your current provider. Ranter. Yeah. Who do you have for TV our phone service for your home.

:	Oh I my EAF page you have EFH.

:	Oh ok. Okay. Now are you totally satisfied with the service they provide.

:	Well yes you are.

:	OK. Now let me let me ask you this question. OK. What if you found out that we could provide you with better service at a better price than what you currently paying. I mean are you open to any possibilities with that company.

:	I don't think yeah.

:	Would you I mean would you like to trash services if we can get a better price than what you're paying.

:	That's a good thing.

:	Oh OK. Well it really is not. I mean because the reason I say that Mr. Lany because customers you know specially with the economy today. I mean things are improving and don't get me wrong though. But you always looking for a better price. And if you can find a way to save money you also of course you're going to look at it. So I was just wondering if you found that we can give you a better price to save you money wouldn't you be open. Yes. OK well let me answer your question. With the current service did you have a company you with.

:	What services do you have. Do you have TV to use internet phone home phone services TV. You just have TV. OK. Now do you use the home phone. OK. Who you with your home phone Greenstream. OK. You were Windstream. OK. Now I'm asked a question How much do all that charge you a month how much you pay for your TV and your phone together every month.

:	I can remember you remember that hundred dollars or more.

:	It is. OK. How many TVs do you currently have your home that you have connected to cable. Just one this one. OK. Now do you make any type of long distance calls to families and friends which your phone now OK. You just called local people. Yeah. OK all right. So you currently you say you plan about close to 100 dollars. Right. For just TV and phone. You don't use internet do you. Yeah they use computers that are at your home. Yeah you do. OK. Now what I want to tell you that I look at is just about telling you now I got a deal that I can offer you I can give you TV which includes all your local channels. Let me ask you a question what type of channels do you like to watch on TV. What do you like and you like Westons. OK. Right. OK. Any other channels you like. Do you like like news keeping up with the news.

:	When you launch an OK weather.

:	OK. Right. So I got Wesson's and weather and you probably some local channels right. OK. Now what about is there anyone else in your home. We need to consider. And if so do you know what they like to watch. You can't really say OK. Not a problem. OK. Now what I want to tell you this is what I can offer you. OK. Now with our packet IDs I can give you what it's called our TV like is the basic package. But where did you get over a hundred and twenty five plus channels. You get popular networks like if you like this discovery channel History Channel Lifetime hallmarked and the amps the movie channel you get all your local channels in your city. You also get popular cable network channels. You mentioned westerns you're going to love this because with our package we feature what is called our video on demand. What it does as you being a customer we give you free access to not saying you can watch that many but you get thousands of movies and they have a huge category of Westerns when you watch it. We provide what is called high definition quality meaning that you get six times sharper picture quality the regular standard TV. OK so the picture the sound is very clear. OK. It's almost like you at the movie theater. That's how clear it is now with the Internet. We also offer Internet. OK are you familiar with internet speed. We give you star now 60 megabit Internet speed. That's very fast. So if you use the Internet for shopping. Watch movies surfing the Internet send emails doing the online banking we provide you with very fast reliable internet. OK that you would get for 29 hours and 99 percent. OK. Now with the phone you can't call any family member friends if you need it to long distance free. OK. We pay all the taxes and fees with our phone. You don't have to go to a separate company. OK. We provide that service within our company. OK. You don't have to worry about you know being in charge if you need to make a long distance calls to family and friends with whom you would probably like. As you know we deal with the crazy world right. So it has safety features for instance there was a situation where the medical or it was a dangerous situation to you or your family members. We have what is called enhanced now service. What that does it gives the authorities emergency response to come to you if you weren't able to talk. That's what we can offer you and that's free within our phone and got voicemail. Caller ID anonymous call. BLOCK And so anyone want to call you can block those as well. OK. All right. Now for your 1 TB look at that. Look what I can give you all these services for and this is what equipment included. Look at this washer's. Let me put it here. Let me get this pulled it out right now for you. It sounds good so far. OK. So with that I can give this to you for one. And this is what equipment included for your TV. OK. All that stuff I told you. Look you would only be Panne ninety six dollars and 96 since the regular price for this. Delaney is normally one hundred and forty six dollars. They're going to give it to you for ninety six dollars and 96 in a month. They also gave you are free installation meaning you don't have to pay no set up charge. You got to sign papers for no type of contracts or anything like that. That's what we can offer you today but just trying out our service. Now what I want to do almost seeing you over to what is call our verification department. All they're going to do Mr. Lane. They don't get on the phone. They go make sure I'd be at my job. They're going to tell you the prices that I told is correct. I didn't lie to you because they record our calls and I can't be lying to you. And they don't tell you some possible installation dates that we can get you started on our services. OK. And Tom DeLay any day now. It ain't going to be but as soon as I hit this button it's going to take you over today. I'm going to jump on a line just to make sure I did my job and tell you about some dates that we have as far as insulation Brian go keep you are right. Let me get you over so that they can they can tell you more ok please hold the line lady. OK hold on a minute. Let me let me get you over there right now. All right. Here we go.

:	Now just hold the following up.
