:	Hello. Hi my name is Nicole Madison calling on behalf of spectrum today on a recorded line. How are you doing today. I'm sorry. What is that. COX Because we're showing that you don't currently have our internet servicing your home. And we like to offer you that. I'm calling from the company company with spectrum cable services for me. Do you have spectrum services in your home right now.

:	Oh ok sorry sorry about bothering you showing in my system that you don't have our internet service in your home. So we were calling for you so an offer that would be curious to you guys.

:	I'm sorry what was that. How are you good man.

:	Obviously you're in the system because you do have it. I don't know if they didn't update the list since you gotten your service or you know how it got there. I'm not 100 percent sure. I am very sorry for bothering you.

:	So I don't have any service with Pectora. This is why I was asking why do you guys have made for me.

:	Oh I'm sorry. OK well then sometimes that happens where we have the information here and we're back. I'm not sure where it actually comes from.

:	If you guys were good and services with you guys that you could get information like we're here.

:	I'm actually not sure I can put you on a brief hold and ask my supervisor and see if they what happened. No you know where exactly did you go.

:	No questions. It's very uncomfortable to receive all the phone calls. You know I just got a phone number and everything is available to you.

:	It's just it's the right way to. I don't know if it's from you know prior services like having prayer services not with us.

:	That is my business. I feel like make business. Are in business with me. Yeah I can play it if I'm looking for service to meet that I'm looking for you guys. Yeah I think we're just calling it the people in the area there's a lot I know to let them know what they're missing.

:	I'm sorry to be bothering you. You have any questions or concerns feel free to call Bactrim 8 5 7 5 7 7 3 2 8.
