:	Hello. Hi my name is Nova Feder and I'm calling on behalf of spex Germana recorded mine. How are you today. That's good to be here very soon for my call. Sarah Spectrem is reaching out to residents to evaluate your current services to see if we can bring you a better value maybe even perhaps a better price. How do you currently watch TV now. Do you have. Do you have a television provider. I do have television. You don't. You don't have a TV at all.

:	No I don't have a clue but I do use it.

:	OK. You don't watch any TV at all then. No. OK. What about an. What. What's that sir.

:	I don't have nothing like I do. Well I got to read you.

:	OK. Now what about internet.

:	I don't have any I don't have a cell phone. I don't have any. Do you have a computer or computer. By myself I don't need a computer. I don't need anything. I got a pencil.

:	Now if you are a do you have like a laptop or even like a tablet or anything like that.

:	Absolutely not. Dude everybody knows that. Because we're for honours for our Internet service for 1999 or Buju for

:	. You. When I start watching TV again. Now maybe some do you have any did you have any favorite shows when you when you did watch it on my watch when the kid was gold.

:	No not at all.

:	I'm sorry to hear that. Pretty good. But what do you do like down with like one when you're ever relaxing and fasted. You don't like to just sit back and watch your movie or something.

:	No. I got to know why I don't do much of anything I just get up in the whole world overnight just kind of day by day. Listen to my review and that's basically all I do. You know we can't do it.

:	You wouldn't be interested in watching TV again watching some of your favorite shows that you used to watch. No not really. OK. All right sir. Well thank you for your time if you do have any questions please feel free to cost Bactrim at a 5 5 7 5 7 7 3 2 way to 60 Columbus Circle New York New York and you have a great day on good. All right. Thank you. Bye bye.
