:	Oh man. NEARY James can I ask what this is about. My name is Mary Mary and I'm calling on behalf.

:	Put this number on the Do Not Call list I have already told you guys a million times. Number one more time going to of press harassment charges on you can you.

:	And from there do not call list and let me find the number 3 3 3 0 5 7 7 4 1 1 6. And we do everything we can within seven days meet taking 30 days to allow at last May this in that time. I want to thank you.

:	Let me just say this if I receive additional calls in that time I will be calling my lawyer and I will be a person fucking arrest Machars have already told you guys this okay.

:	Would you like to see my supervisor. Yes I would.

:	You can see how can I help you.

:	Yeah I've already told your employees that they need to put me on the Do Not Call list and that if they called me one more time I would be personal harassment charges.

:	What I can do for you on my end is forgery information over to the account manager so you can take an extra step to make sure that your name gets taken off the list.

:	Well I can say this you guys got one more time and then next day because this like the first time you guys called today guys. One more time I would be calling my lawyer and I will be harassing harassment charges against you guys. I'm tired of you guys calling.

:	Okay well we will definitely put your number on the Do Not Call list. Just need to verify your information or work your phone numbers 8 5 5 7 5 7 7 3 2. And I do have to say this by law and it could take up to 30 days is allowed by law. Now with an extra wrong or there is a 5. Oh well. Oh I apologize. 3 3 0 5 7 7 4 1 1 6. Yes that's correct. Okay okay perfect. Sorry about that. So like I mentioned I'm going to go ahead and Porter information over to our account manager so that way we can make sure that your name gets taken off the list.

:	Okay so it's ok and like I said you guys call this number one more time I'm calling my lawyer. Okay I'm not telling you guys again.

:	Okay thank you for your time today if you do have any questions feel free to call spectrum 8 8 5 5 5 7 7.

:	I will not be calling you guys like I said you guys call again I would and Rassman charterers OK.

:	I'm sure that after 60 Columbus Circle New York New York 1 0 0 2 3 Have a great day.
