:	Hello. Hello how are you doing. My name is Ray McCann. I'm calling you today on behalf of spectrum formerly Time Warner Cable and recorder. How are you doing today. That is great to hear my reason for calling him ma'am as you may or may not know the spectrum they took over the company Time Warner Cable and. They have some special offers for customers in your area. Before I do I just wanted to ask you a few questions just to help me determine. What offers may work best for you. All right. So I want to first ask you Do you use services for your home such as TV Internet phone

:	. OK you use those services now. Who do you currently use as your provider.

:	Westling you got Windstream. Oh

:	. OK. Are you in any type of contract QuinStreet. No. OK. How long have you had them.

:	About two.

:	About two years. OK. Now what services do you got TV internet and phone. What type of services

:	. Do you have to win straight. Oh I have. Well I didn't have television. OK. OK.

:	OK. So you hit television the Internet and you never had the phone. You have to file. OK. Right now what services you have with them just internet only.

:	OK now Internet. OK. Right now you are familiar with spectrum right. No

:	. You're not familiar with that and you have heard of Time Warner Cable. OK. Well spectrum both Time Warner and that's why I'm calling you today because we get some offers in your area much bigger than what Miss Betty Smith.

:	We were.

:	Wait wait wait wait wait don't get here your stuff don't you say that now don't you say that because not a true I just want to first verify what I'm talking to. I got Betty Smith 215 Leonard Avenue in our album. Our lead North Carolina 2 8 0 0 1 is that right. OK well I got the right person. So I want you were about no. Price or thinking you're eligible because you are that's why we're calling you to day. And I've got a special offer to knock you out your seat. I hope you're sitting down right now. What I want to tell you is that.

:	All right. First I want to ask you what do you like to watch on TV.

:	I have not seen.

:	Bt the have nots.

:	Game of Thrones Outlander. OK throne's yeah. Ok Outlander writing and Viking's.

:	Ok ok.

:	Are you a movie person at all. OK. You like movies. What type of movies do you like. Meanin do you like like romance documentaries thrillers science. I mean pretty much. What do you like. The little thing or theme movies. Variety right. OK. Right. Movies OK. You like variety. OK. Now I know that's a lot for you. So my next. Question When it comes to other people in your home what do they like to watch about the same thing. OK.

:	Any children in the home ground.

:	Two grown ladies and they pretty much like the same thing. OK. OK. Any grandkids come over to the house. It is grandkid.

:	Hello to your grandchildren. Raining OK.

:	20 and 14 are right. So when they come home they probably get no late falls. Use the internet. They might. Yeah I like to watch movies or music or anything like that. You know these kids got a day right. OK. Now I got some exceptional for you. I'm so glad Miss Smith I'm talking to you because like I told you I got some knock out. Knock you off your feet. Now you already told me right now you currently have TB with them or you say you only got it. So the problem is you miss the favorite shows are you trying to watch them through the Internet.

:	Right. And what school.

:	OK now you stop that going on to do that. No mo when you got you when you go and watch your favorite shows like the have nots. Game of Thrones outlanders. It was another one you mention. And you told me yeah you like you like B. You told me you got daughters in a home and they liked certain things and you got grandchildren and you got a little grandson is 40 years old. They're probably like and your granddaughters 40. Would you love to ask and let me tell you what I'm about to give you. OK. I'll give you our packages call our Silver Package and we'll give this to you because it shows that you mention make sure you get those shows. Now you go get a Showtime Cinemax included in this package. OK. That come in are still a package. Plus you're going to get būt if you sit in a. Cookie. You sound like you not a cook. I'm just I'm just saying I don't know you from Adam but you sound like a cook right. So you know how you could be in the kitchen right. They you. Probably like music like nice music maybe has some soul. You know me well I'ma give you what is call our commercial music channel this commercial free so when you could you can listen yo favorite type of music. What you cook in. All right you go like that now when it comes to movies. You got to love this because you told me you and people in your house like a variety type of movies. Now look we feature what is called video on. Demand not only are you going to get HBO Showtime Cinemax and love Game of Thrones and I'm waiting on a new series star but you've got to worry about going to no internet pay and no extra money for HBO because I will give it to you in this package. That you can watch if you were about watching it to no internet straining your eyes or your Internet slowing up. You can watch it directly to you from your TV. OK. And when you go in yo when you go you go bare roll or if anybody in your house use like tablets or lap. Tops they'll be able to watch your movies or your favorite shows right from the comfort of a bedroom or any of the devices they use. What this app gave you I'll call our spectrum TV app. As you watch TV right from any device anywhere as a whole. This is going to be free to you. Yes ma'am. I love this. And when you and move for a good movie we got what is called a video on demand miss because it gives you. The. Access I say you go watch the mini. But you go it is the access to over 10000 movie and show selection. You can check out new shows if you missed one of your favorite shows which is in. The throws home to watch it. You'll be you won't miss it you can go back and it's going to be both what you got to wing. OK. So this thing is incredible. Which are you going to get free unlimited local and. Dowland where you can call ANY FAMILY FRIEND whenever you want anytime but you never charge for it. We pay our taxes and fees our phone. And and you all. So good call. I'd be called poured in and call Wally Egat and has now 1 1 service. Okay so any type of emergency situation was medical or criminal. You get access directly to authorities where they respond to you. If you're not able to speak so it could be a fire a burglar or anything they get cho appropriate address and they only wait. OK. And you don't have to pay extra for that that cost.

:	OK. And voice mail and all that kind of stuff you get all that. OK the Internet. You don't get fast internet 60 megabits a speed so I know it did a lot of talk and I'm going to tell you about all the price I can give you all this today. OK so here we go. Let me put it in. And we go here. Oh and I'll give you. A free style to cause you know upfront money to get you started. OK here we go. Right. So if you let me make sure you told me you currently get how many TBS was it was it two or three. It was three. OK. Right. So three TVs right now there are regular price for all these sorry.

:	This is what the equipment the TV the Internet the phone normally is 180 96. However however Ms Smith back you get started today. I could give you HBO Showtime Cinemax thousands of movies that you can access the apps I told you that you and your housecoat can watch. At any time anywhere at home. OK. The Internet the phone free unlimited local business. This is where all equipment for just one hundred and thirty dollars and 90 Faucette you get a free phone.

:	OK. OK.

:	OK. Hey man how are you doing. Yes good day. I just read the whole thing which Miss missed me. My name is Ray McCance. I'm calling on behalf of spectrum formerly Time Warner Cable on a recorded. Line. OK. I was glad to get our recharter because I was Asimus Smith. OK. Let her know that we took over a company called Time Warner. So we're reaching now to people in the area letting them know about these great offers that we have in the area. Okay that may be of interest to her. So she told me in your house.

:	Yeah like movies like HBO like series like Game of Thrones NBT and outlanders. She mentioned their grandchildren and they use the Internet. BUCHDAHL on the Internet. She gave me the whole spiel. So what I was telling her about a pack is that I can offer Yahl which is three line of service. I almost start to let you know you're going to get HBO Showtime Cinemax included. You can get to pay for that's already included in this package. With that you get poplin networks from BT MTV VH 1 lifetime Hallmark History Discovery. If you've got children grandchildren nephew needs they get Disney channel Cartoon Network. It features what is called video on demand. So if you can find that no HBO Showtime Cinemax you get instant access to over 10000 movie selection and show selections that you can go and view based off or whenever you in the mood for this action movies drama suspense thriller horror documentary SAAF I'm a whatever.

:	We got a huge category that you couldn't go ampoule from now when you go and watch. We provide the best picture quality because we provide high definition at no additional cost that's included. I'm done now because she told me to use other people got like laptops tablets in the home. We feature what is called our TV on the go app. What it allows you to do is be able to access. Away from home. So if you got a smartphone say you at work. Just kill us some time at you with the children and they act. Up or whatever the case may be from your phone. You can pull up and watch a real time Cixi live network that you would normally have to be at home to watch. You can watch him from your phone and when you at home if you've got a laptop and you can just send a liberal you want to go to your bedroom pull up your laptop and watch TV right from your bedroom. Oh any device you might use with this spectrum TV is doing now. OK.

:	We've got to pay them.

:	No no no no. I was going to get today because she put you on a farm. But I want to run it down to you. No you don't. She told me you had a contract. This is what my company is going to do. They going to pay up to 500 dollars to get you all out of your current contract that you have Windstream. I do this every day. Trust me we do what is called a contract buyout. What that means. My company going to send you a check in the mail to arrive between two to three weeks. OK. Now what they do is the money that Windstream is going to charge out. Now each provider charges you twenty dollars for each remaining month that you have to go on a contract you signed with them. Because you got one line and serve is it going to be anything close to 500.

:	Trust me if my range about right now the phone or the phone get it though. OK.

:	But a TV or internet phone and a phone.

:	Well OK.

:	So don't worry about that. When. You owe you better you owe special on time warner. OK. Well what I want to tell you don't worry about that. Don't worry about that. OK. The only thing the only thing.

:	Let me ask you a question Do you have any of these girls. They're looking at putting on an easy ride.

:	OK. That's right. No no. Follow me a minute. Follow me in a minute. Don't worry about that. Let's not even get ahead of that. My next question I was going to ask you Do you have any time Warner's equipment to turn around. OK so you got to quit meaning I'll turn it around OK. So the only thing that she may have to pay. OK have to pay. OK I'll tell you about that but I'm just telling you I've been doing this for a while. You may they may ask you to pay either install which is a one time installation charge like because like 30 34 44 dollars. OK. Or if. You got a previous balance they may ask you to pay that balance. OK. However however just now now now now now now now now trust me. No no no. And don't be no no where close to that nowhere close to that. OK. Nowhere close. Just follow me a minute. Either they will make you pay a one time insolation charge or your previous bill well you had to balance that have you paid that it ain't be no. Five hundred dollars. Number one. Now people normally when they have equipment that they never turn nasty they charge you for that. Right. But you are returning equipment. So that's what I'm telling you be nowhere close to that. And I'm just saying if that is the case if that's the case we just looking at all the different scenarios. But I'm telling you either it might be a one time escalation charge a 44000 or might be a previous balance but I would be nowhere close to that. OK. We won't go there yet because we don't even know that yet. I'm just saying we just going over possible scenario. OK so don't let that that frustrate you or anything like that. And like I told you if you are currently in a contract with that Windstream we will take care of that contract we will pay up to five hundred dollars. It will be nowhere close to that. Trust me OK. But what they normally do is they don't have you get a copy of your final bill you call Windstream tell them hey listen send me my final bill. It's a form that you fill out. OK. You can get them at your local Spectrem office right there your city or watch Shoghi internet you can download the form fill it out. They got the address. For spectrum that you don't get you'll be from Frontier. I mean frontier but when sharing your wit you're going to attach it to that form you can fill out from us and you can mail it to us at the address that you'll see on that form. You got it right there in black and white speculum and turn around and seeing you a check in the mail is going to Rabba twenty two to three weeks to cover whenever Windstream is charging you'll get a whole month I want.

:	What.

:	No no no no no no no no no. You're following me a minute. What I'm trying to tell you is even before we get that point what my job is because she she put you on the line. I was going to tell Miss Smith about the price at Totah directly price as normal as 180 96. I can give y'all that today four hundred and thirty dollars and 94 cents. That's

:	. The TV silver packets everything includes HBO Showtime Cinemax. No no no no no. Just listen to me listen to me. I'm saying that's the package that I put together for y'all based on what she told me y'all like all the regular price is normally

:	. Is a hundred and eighty thousand ninety six. I can give it to you all today. Four hundred and thirty dollars and ninety Faucette. You're going ahead for a whole year locked in at that price. Now in a second year it's going to go up slightly but they still Ghia Saven it's just going to go to 150 94 which is still saving you

:	. About what is that about 20 dollars and some change every month. OK. And then if you keep it to the third year don't go to his Rego price if you'll keep that package with the TV the Internet the phone all that with the equipment it goes to one eighty nine

:	. Successive record price they normally charge a no rate increases after that now. But today I'll get four hundred thirty dollars and 94 cent that's what I set up for all I can give you that contract. I told you about what I was going next tell

:	. You what I'm going to do because I have to send you over to our what is called a verification department.

:	All able to get on the phone. Don't go over the prices that I told you. About making sure I didn't promise anything extra. I didn't misquote. I. Promise you know concert tickets and no vacation ticket and they're going to. Tell you about some installation dates and times that. Work around your schedule that we can send in tech out to get set up.

:	That's it. You follow what I'm saying. So. What I'm wanting to do if you don't have any questions from me I'll. Break all packets all set which is this TV silver. It comes with over. 75 channels BT. Commercial Free Music channels to be on demand access over 10000 movie selection show choices high definition. Mission included TV apps that you can watch into your devices anywhere in your home. I'll let you get all the oxygen channel yeah cooking a weather channel. BT Siani at all. If anybody in your house she told me I'll get she got grandchildren and she said got. So they probably in the sports they don't get ESPN stations selling like basketball football like baseball. They get all that. Okay this one I put together for y'all and you get real fast internet so if y'all use the Internet for Pieman download and if you shopping online surfing the Internet Facebook whenever you won't get exceptional Internet. OK and deal with the following you get unlimited local long distance Dowland as we'll call any family or friends at any time and you never charge for it and it comes with caller ID voicemail speed dial and call blocking all that ID on your TV when you are watching TV. You might be watching a movie watching a movie Cahit a photo flash or the number on your TV screen. It was called Dasey included. I hook up. OK so what do I want you to hold the line. Because I'm I've got to get you over there today. Like I said he just going over the prices I quote it and tell you about inflation dates that I can get you started. Okay. Okay. Alright hold the line.

:	Hold the line along.
