:	Hello Mr. Williams Hello Mr. Williams Hello.

:	Hi. As I'm sure I reached David Williams. Yes. OK. My name is Ray McCants. I'm calling on behalf of spectrum on a recorded line. OK. Is this Miss Williams. Ms Williams again My name is Ray McCann. I'm calling on behalf of spectrum for me Time Warner Cable. How are you doing today. I'm doing fine. That is great to hear my reason for calling today Miss Williams As you may or may not. No ma'am. We recently expanded by taking over the company Time Warner Cable and we have some special offers for customers in your area. I just wanted to have a conversation with you to ask a few questions to determine if this is something that you may be interested in in your household. We specialized Ms Williams and 3 line services which is TV internet and phone. Do you currently use any of those type of services for your home. Yes I have. OK. Now who do you currently use as a provider. Darai you have. OK.

:	Do they have you stuck in any type of contract. Yes Ms CB1 OK OK OK.

:	Yes ma'am. Derek you've got a

:	. Contract.

:	Hello. Hi. Ms Williams speaking. How are you doing today sir. My name is Ray McCann. I was calling you all today on behalf of spectrum for me time warner cable as you know we took over that company and I was just telling Mr. Williams that we were reaching out to people in the area to let you know about some special offers that we have available that may save some money. I was the last thing I was asking her because she told me I had. Did they put in any type of contract.

:	I think to say 12 months or something like that.

:	OK. Now I want to ask you a question because I want to tell you some about that. Are you are you totally satisfied with their service.

:	No. No. But let me tell you a love story. OK. OK. Time Warner. Don't know how many years. OK. I'm retired. I couldn't afford a hundred dollar bill.

:	Oh really.

:	That was basic.

:	Well Mr. Wolf let me ask you a question.

:	When you say what 81 services did you have the phone internet. OK.

:	Basic TV basic TV OK basic TV.

:	OK. One up to two hundred one phone call them up. And I ask them if there's any way you guys can help me. OK I've been with you guys. Well I don't know. He is OK. And I said my wife didn't like AT&T. But the thing it is there was none you guys could do for me. OK. I ended up going to direct tv. OK. So right now it's at eighty four dollars.

:	OK. OK. Sorry you just got TV.

:	TV Internet and phone internet and phone ok and that phone. OK phone. All right now how many TVs are you currently using in your home. 1 2 3 3 3 3 high definition definition I guess.

:	Well yeah okay that's like 100 Smart TVs. Now I want to ask you Mr. Williams what do you mostly use the internet for a home.

:	Laptop cell phones laptops cell phones and cell phone Diyar during the stream and like using like Netflix if you for me you Netflix like movies shows Netflix Hulu anyone is OK. OK you sound to me. I mean still pretty young but yeah you sound pretty okay now. Now what I want to tell you Mr. Williams.

:	First off that's why I was talk to your wife and I just mentioned to you is Weyl spectrum is not time warner. We bought him out a spectrum. They was a company called Charter before charter a lot of people are known to have been around for like 75 years so it into a charter became spectrum. Spectrum took over time warner and another major company called Brighthouse network. If you are familiar with them. Why I'm saying that is that right now they are one of America's fastest growing when it comes to TV Internet and. Phone. And the reason for that I tell you the reason for that not only do we provide exceptional service because we known them on the Internet. We didn't just mean we didn't upgrade our TV and then our phone and I'll tell you about that as well. But yeah they wanted the fast growing. Okay. And our I would say over 40 percent of our customers is repeat customers and not for a reason number one. Not only that we provide great service and we stick by our clients before and after the sale. So it ain't like when you sign up with us and then you have an issue or whatever the case may be and it's like we can do it for you or we like you to kind of tracking you like your service but I got to stay with cha because you got me locked in this contract in order for me to get out and charged me hundreds of dollars. See we don't do that. We wanted to only remain if not the only one that don't do contracts. OK. Now what I will tell you is this because I heard your wife say this Jale had DirecTV for 12 months and I'm just being straight up with you Mr. Williams because I work in this line of feel let me tell you what they're going to do. They put you in a contract number one see they start offering these low prices. You go see yo you're going to see your star skyrocket and you know where are they going to get you. All three services. Eighty four dollars. Number one DirecTV don't own their own Internet nor phone. They go to affiliates which is AT&T or Vereide. OK so a contract with them. So they don't have a way to control internet and phone services. So whatever AT&T decides they want to charge out with these bills a nothing child won't be able to do. You're going to see your stars skyrocket. Now here's the great thing I want to tell you that I want to get to my company what buy out your current contract. Yes sir. We would pay up to 500 dollars to get you out and we don't even place you in a contract meaning that any time you don't like our service you are free to go. A no strings attached no hidden fees or anything like that that's how confident we are that you will love our service and you. Will Stay with us as all other clans have done because we provide great service. Before and after the sale if you ever have an issue we have a 24/7 technical support that's available to you 24 hours seven days a week holidays make no difference. OK. We deal with some of the most experienced techs. They don't come to your home. Disrespect your home tracking mud or whatever the case may be running the lines all we don't do that and I will tell you this about satellite. Did not. But my job is the state to you to fax if you have not started experience because with DirecTV or satellites they experience a lot of blackouts. So if weather conditions like rain heavy snow if it's not positioned in a certain way you will get blackouts were you going to be out of your service for hours sometimes it could be days before it can even get over to you. That's an inconvenience especially when you're spending your money. But I'm here to tell you number one what I can do because I was calling you out today. We got offers in your area. Like I said I can buy you out of the current contract. I know put you on one. OK I can give you TV packets and let me tell you what our TV include. We give you all your local channels. ABC NBC CBS FOX all your city local channels that you might like. We get those to you you don't have to pay for them. And when you go in to watch it then the best picture quality which is high definition and we don't even charge for that. If you look on your Beil you'll see little things like the definition they charge you for that. Yes they do. They charge you. But we don't need to charge you for that. We also get you popular cable networks that you and your wife might like popular cable networks like lifetime Hallmark history discovery Turner Classic AMC movie channels news outlet from CNN. I'm just going to give you an idea. Those are declarer expanded basic but we include that just in our basic package meaning you can get a buy in no higher tier to get. That package. If you decide that you and your wife want to watch a good movie we feature what is called Video on Demand. What it does it gives you instant access to thousands of movie and show titles that you can watch at your convenience at your old schedule. And we don't charge that comes with the package. OK. So you don't have to get HBO if you. Want to watch a movie or Cinemax a star as all this other stuff they throw at you that comes in a basic package and it's in high definition as well. So you get six times sharper picture quality than you would get on regular standard TV. OK now with that internet we get Speas right now that's why I was asking you which I'll use the internet for. So if you're using the Internet for downloading things if is work related. If you're doing the shopping online if you have grandchildren where you not it is you got everybody that got cell phones everybody coming your home everybody getting to on the Internet and you start seeing there's a drag on your internet that what hours don't happen because we give you speeds from 60 megabits all the way up to 300 and in your case what I'm calling a day I can offer you 100 megabits internet speed. So whenever you use the internet for a you don't get exceptional Internet service all for 29 hours and 99 percent our phone home phone. I know you told me you got currently a. 20. You don't even have to change your number. Mr. Williams you can keep your phone and report that number for free and you have to call your your your current phone provider and say listen I'm switching my service go through the hassle. We take care of all that between us and your phone company. We don't even charge you for our phone calls were unlimited local unlimited low distance you can call family friends when ever you like anywhere in the United States free. We pay all the taxes and fees on my phone. It's just a set price you don't have to worry about gate you'll be. Oh man they charge me these extra price for we don't do that. If you got people outside the United. States Canada is free Mexico is free. Puerto Rico is free Virgin Islands Guam. That's all free. Any of the countries outside of those countries. We start special races for three cents per minute and our phones come with 18 pop and features from voice mail. Caller ID

:	. Be. Call waiting anonymous call block and people you don't recognize number you want to talk to. It blocks that call for you. And another thing I think you are like Mr. Williams you know we living in a crazy world right. Say for instance you got jail cell phone you know cell phones from all we misplace them they get broken. Anything can happen and especially sometimes you might be trying to use a cell phone in your home. You know drop a call. I don't care what provider you

:	. Go with. They're not reliable. OK. So what I'm saying is with our phone is reliable you don't have to worry about stopping if you aren't alone. Conversation this important conversation being you got to turn around and stop and say wait hold on let me. My phone is let me charged my battery and stuff like that. No you just keep on talking because it ain't no data caps meaning that you don't have to worry about running out of time. And you certainly don't have to run were about any type of additional charges but calling long distance that's all included phone you'd never be charged for it. OK. And they get caller ID on the TV that you're also good. So if you ain't bad your phone and you watch TV and you don't know if they're following it or whatever it flash on your screen. Who is calling you. OK. That feature we also offer. So with that being. Said now I'm not going to pay until you know because you told me currently you have I believe you say you've got three TVs in your home right. Right. OK. So what we offer really quick let me put this here because I was just talk I'm just trying to cover some of your questions and responses so I want to put this package in. I want to show you what we charge for that. Now keep them my everything I told you. This also includes equipment the TV the Internet the phone all that and I can buy your current contract which is I recall you only had to deal with them no more. OK. Now to No. PRICE We normally charge for all of these services. Mr Williams is normally a hundred and sixty thousand ninety six cents. However by you all giving us the opportunity to earn your business not put you in a contract just to track. Our services. We still want to take you out of our contract. It's just 110000 94 cent and no extra taxes no extra fees. OK. Which includes all your equipment you would need for your rooms and your home. The Internet you get much faster internet speed. OK TV Packards I told you all that comes in that you also mentioned that you get a tablet or a laptop. I want to tell you an app. With this. I know you told me the order but if you got Granton they set this up for free. What does it mean in that from your laptop you get tired. You don't want to be in the living room. Some say it's a good movie. But you tired you can lower your bedroom from your laptop and. Whatever you miss or whatever you are currently watching in your living room right from your laptop with this app that comes with it which is free. Plus you get like I told you all your channels. Popular cable channels that you currently already have with Iraq. We're going to give that to you and more. And if you're in the mood for a good movie whether it's a documentary whether it's action thriller science whatever the case may be we give you access to over 10000 free movie choices that you can watch in high definition that the best possible reception. That's it. Ten dollars. A hundred and ten dollars. Ninety four cents. That's four cents and and. How long would that be. They give that to you Mr. Weil for a whole year. You get that for 12 months. OK. Now it's go up is going to fall slightly it's goalball sliding a lot to you. It goes to 130 94. OK. Now if you keep. Everything the way it is Danet goes his regular price of only 160 96 but there's no rate increases after that. But keep in mind that's your equipment that's the Internet. That's the phone. That's the TV that's all that's included within that price. But we even thinking about three years because like I told you that's just standard prices we don't do contracts. So what that means that you are in charge of your account if you want to save money and say you know after three years that want to fix is last Steve I think I'll just keep the TV and a phone. You can do that. So in other words you can alternate package whenever you like and you don't have to worry about being penalized to do that. That's the great thing about our service. That's why we keep repeat customers. And it will be beneficial to Yahoo because like I said you don't have to worry about no contract when you go to jacking up your price. We do not rate your contract. And if you for some reason don't like our service you are going to shop around and you don't have to worry about nobody going shop for the best deal. That's what we can do.

:	So we want to go ahead and get you started a missile we think about this because like I said I had two guys six months ago and there was nothing you guys could do for me and that's what people wanted. Right.

:	Absolutely. Keep in mind Mr. Williams you missed wimps. With all due respect sir you keep saying what we did. Now like I told you we not time Warner we bought them out. We are a separate company we just took their company over. OK. So yes our spectrum does.

:	So what I'm saying.

:	OK well while I was calling you today because like I said we got some special races. Limited time offer. Now if you need a couple days to think about it. Absolutely. Absolutely Miss Wims I want you to do that. I'm not trying to set you up in a day. OK. But what I want to do because I know if there was some interest you hung up on me a long time ago. OK. So that you don't miss out on this deal just what Ahmedu for you. OK. The only thing I want to do Mr. Williams is I need you to do this for me. We have what is called a validation department because they monitor our calls just to make sure I did my job. They don't go over the prices that I just told you about making sure I have misquoted. I didn't promise you anything extra in here like no concert tickets no vacation getaways nothing like that. And they'll tell you about some possible insolation dates. So if you decide OK my wife we did think about it. We decided we want to go with it. Did you miss out on this limited time offer and they can still set you up at those discount prices. That's it. OK. So let me get you over to them when they are waiting on the line. It is going to be no more than a minute. Please hold sorry. Please hold.
