:	Hello my name is Justin Stone I'm calling on behalf of spectrum on a recorded line are you doing today. Fine thank you. That's good to hear. We are calling excellent news let you know that you have been selected to receive an exclusive limited time offer only available to select customers in your area and my record shows that you do not have any spectrum services in the home currently.

:	Is that correct.

:	Yes we have Huber's AT&T UVAs. Do you currently have that. Just in and out you have that television Internet and home phone everything. Ah. How much per month are you currently spending on AT&T. If you don't want to as soon I don't know. Now you currently under a contract of AT&T UVAs that will prevent you from changing.

:	But we we also offer all three of those services bundled into Packards home plays with your television. What are you currently your television service. What are you currently getting premium here the sports channels or anything like that.

:	Everything I mean for chinless yet we have one movie channel it's part of the package we have other ones once we got rid of because we never watched them in the span of a day.

:	I can't. I think the only to watch HBO in stores now. Now we can have we can do a triple play you which would give you all three of us television at home phone services.

:	Yes. Yes.

:	But from what she told me it seems like the best the best TV package you hear on would be. So I can't talk about that I am very tongue tied. OK. And TV Silvo is that you get everything that's in the spectrum TV supplies plus you get plus you get 50 additional channels that include an iPhone that were a lot of that working a lot of the other sports channels that are being shown on my window today. And you also get what are the what's the premium channel that you actually watch.

:	Watching the railing. We don't have them. Well with this you would get three movie channels you beginning HBO Cinemax and Showtime with this package so it would not cost you actua and this would also come

:	. With Internet which is a 30 megabit Internet speed it is twice the size AT&T users you get free modem and this is actually great for surfing Web surfing sending e-mails downloading music putting photos on Facebook watching youtube watching Netflix. Actually I have this exact Natas backpack which is sadly spectrum. It's not a thing where I live. I have this exact speed for Internet and I'm actually able to play games like Call of Duty on my Xbox for roughly OK.

:	And so it's a very fast internet speed. And you'd also be getting home phone package which is a very reliable reliable phone with unlimited local and long distance calling in the U.S. Canada Puerto Rico Guam and the Virgin Islands. There will be no fees like other phone companies would charge you.

:	This does include voice mail 13 popular calling features like call waiting and call forwarding free for 1 1 calls which I actually gave up for one one is of top my head and you can also manage your home phone from anywhere home on the go with the spectrum phone on line manager of a will to call for the customer with spectrum phone and phone and internet services an abstract abstract silver triple away for the first 12 months is 94 97. After that it would roll into it would increase in price a little bit at 1 0 997 for next year's price and then after that second year the regular everyday every month the rate

:	. Of this price of this package is 1 1997. But the nice thing with spectrum is we do not lock you into a contract. So let's say let's say times get decided to cut spectrum we won't end up charging you a termination fee if you do need the Kantor's in the first two years. And that also goes for the regular rate.

:	We won't we won't charge you anything extra to cancel or pay you for it either.

:	Now when I didn't know that I said we would we mean it is faster than AT&T Uber. Would you be interested in switching.

:	No I would not think so.

:	I do appreciate you sitting here listening to me. I would like to thank you for.
