:	Well

:	. Good afternoon. Last week the Ms. Edith Heysel at the same time as have let my name is Jessica Golphin and I'm calling on behalf of Specter. My name is Jessica. Well. HAYES Yes. OK. How are you. And I'm calling on behalf of spectrum and I need to let you know this call may be monitored or recorded for quality purposes. No ma'am we're calling because you don't currently have any special services in your home. Correct. OK. Would you be interested today in upgrading our internet for fourteen ninety nine fourteen ninety nine. What is there internet.

:	No I don't I have. The

:	. Thing that comes into the house but it won't work was your Wi-Fi or your router Wi-Fi. OK. Now how does that work. How does your Wi-Fi work for you. I don't. Oh well would you like to get a new Wi-Fi.

:	I would like to have Wi-Fi provider. No one else has to good.

:	OK. All you have to do today is verbally confirm that you want to try it out. I mean if you want to keep it you're more than welcome to keep it. But I give everybody the benefit of the doubt of giving it a test route because you are entitled to a 30 day money back guarantee. So you can try it for 28 days 30 days. I'm pretty sure you're going to be satisfied with it.

:	This is a good world work here because I'm in a bad area.

:	Well because we actually just upgraded our call list and that's why you're in our call list.

:	I think what it is is you guys are real and they're there to keep us rather than Wi-Fi.

:	No we don't want to lock you in with our great prices. But I mean we will jeopardize you not having Wi-Fi.

:	Oh I get it now. Yes. It's 14 dollars and 99 cents. Yes. So take it. Oh OK.

:	Well I will have to place you on a brief hold so you can talk to our verifier and they can actually set you up with the Internet in your home. If you don't mind my hearing go No you can get a self installation kit in which they were actually mailed to your home. So if you don't mind I'm going to place you on a brief hold. So are verifier can confirm the products and prices we talked about and set up with the insulation installation will be shipped to you OK. OK. All right. Ms Hayzlett I do thank you for your time and please hold.
